Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS

PLYMOUTH, SS. SUPERIOR COURT DEPARTMENT
CASE NO.

Lakeview Loan Servicing, LLC,
Plaintiff

Vv.

Carlie Javier; Enrique Javier; The Secretary
of Housing and Urban Development, their
successors and assigns.

Defendants

COMPLAINT

Jurisdiction
The Superior Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to M.G.L. Ch. 212 § 3,
M.G.L. Ch. 212 § 4, M.G.L. Ch. 244 § 8, and M.G.L. Ch. 244 §11, et. seq. The property locus is

37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324.

Parties
1. Plaintiff Lakeview Loan Servicing, LLC (“Lakeview”) has a usual place of business 4425
Ponce De Leon Blvd, Coral Gables, FL 33146.
2. Defendant Carlie Javier is an individual who, upon information and belief, owns and
resides at 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324.
3. Defendant Enrique Javier is an individual who, upon information and belief, owns and

resides at 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324.

25-006241 1


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

4. Defendant The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, their successors and assigns
(“HUD”), is a government agency which has a last known usual place of business ATTN:
Family Notes Branch, 451 Seventh Street, SW, Washington, DC 20410.

Facts

5. Ace Investment, LLC executed and delivered a Quit Claim Deed for the real property
located at 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324 (the “Property”) to Enrique Javier
and Carline Javier (the “Javiers”), as tenants by the entierty which deed was executed on
October 25, 2019 and recorded at the Plymouth County Registry of Deeds as in Book
51850 at Page 129 (the “Deed”). A true and accurate copy of the Deed is attached as
Exhibit A.

6. Carlie Javier executed and delivered a Note dated October 25, 2019 to CrossCountry
Mortgage, LLC in the principal amount of Five Hundred Eighty-Four Thousand Two
Hundred Twenty-Three-Two Dollars and No Cents ($584,223.00) (“Note”). The Note was
subsequently endorsed into Plaintiff. A true and accurate copy of the endorsed Note is
attached as Exhibit B.

7. As security for the Note, The Javiers executed, granted and delivered a first mortgage in
the amount of $584,223.00 containing a statutory power of sale to Mortgage Electronic
Registration Systems, Inc. (“MERS”), solely as nominee for CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC
executed on October 25, 2019, recorded at the Plymouth County Registry of Deeds in Book
51850 at Page 131, and encumbering the Property (“Mortgage”). A true and accurate copy

of the Mortgage is attached in Exhibit C.

25-006241 2


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

8. MERS assigned the Mortgage to Lakeview by Corporate Assignment executed on April 30
2020 and registered in the Plymouth County Registry of Deeds in Book 52692 at Page 166
(“Assignment”). A true and accurate copy of Assignment is attached in Exhibit D.

9. The Mortgage is secured by the Property located in the Town of Bridgewater,
Massachusetts, and is more particularly described as follows:

That certain parcel of land, with the buildings thereon in Bridgewater, Plymouth County,
Massachusetts, situated on the westerly side of Lake Nippineckit bounded and described as
follows:

Beginning at a point a corner formed by the junction of remaining land of Florence M. Reed,
land recently conveyed to Pickard by Florence M. Reed and also land conveyed by the said
Florence M. Reed to Fitzgerald, being the westerly corner of the herein described lot of land;
thence by said Pickard's southerly line N. 86° 45 E. 105.57 feet to a turn; thence S. 80° 16 E. 125
feet more or less to the westerly line of Lake Nippineckit; thence by said Lake southerly 90 feet
more or less to a corner of land of said Fitzgerald; thence by said Fitzgerald land N. 63° 31 W.
226 feet more or less to the point of beginning.

The above premises are subject to all easements of record insofar as the same may be in full
force and effect.

10. Lakeview is the current holder of the Note and Mortgage.

11. HUD recorded a junior mortgage in the amount of $89,663.76, as a lienholder of The
Javiers, registered in the Plymouth County Registry of Deeds in Book 56119 at Page 192.
A true and accurate copy of the junior mortgage is attached in Exhibit E.

12. HUD recorded an additional junior mortgage in the amount of $16,807.00, as a lienholder
of The Javiers, registered in the Plymouth County Registry of Deeds in Book 58475 at
Page 79. A true and accurate copy of the junior mortgage is attached in Exhibit F.

13. HUD recorded an additional junior mortgage in the amount of $20,545.45, as a lienholder
of The Javiers, registered in the Plymouth County Registry of Deeds in Book 58955 at

Page 39. A true and accurate copy of the junior mortgage is attached in Exhibit G.

25-006241 3


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

14. HUD recorded an additional junior mortgage in the amount of $44,896.21, as a lienholder
of The Javiers, registered in the Plymouth County Registry of Deeds in Book 59377 at
Page 336. A true and accurate copy of the junior mortgage is attached in Exhibit H.

15. No person or entity other than the parties hereto appears of record in the Plymouth County
Registry of Deeds to have any interest in said Property.

16. On or about December 18, 2024, Lakeview, or its predecessor in interest, or authorized
servicer of the Mortgage, or anyone holding under the Mortgage, or its attorneys, sent a
Notice of Default and Right to Cure pursuant to G. L. c. 244, s. 35A and Notice of Right
to Request a Modified Mortgage Loan pursuant to G. L. c. 244, s. 35B, via certified and
regular mail. A true and accurate copy of Notice of Default and Right to Cure and Notice
of Right to Request a Modified Mortgage Loan attached in Exhibit I.

17. On or about November 6, 2025, Lakeview, or its predecessor in interest, or authorized
servicer of the Mortgage, or anyone holding under the Mortgage, or its attorneys, sent a
Notice of Acceleration of the Mortgage Loan pursuant to the notice and default provisions
of the Mortgage. A true and accurate copy of the notice of acceleration is attached as
Exhibit J.

18. Lakeview, or its predecessor in interest, or authorized servicer of the Mortgage, or anyone
holding under the Mortgage, or its attorneys, was authorized to send Notices of Default
and Notice of Acceleration in compliance with the notice and default provisions of the

Mortgage.

COUNT I

19. Lakeview realleges and reaffirms the allegations set forth in paragraphs 1-18 as if restated

herein.

25-006241 4


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

. The Javiers, as the present owners, are the owners of the equity of redemption of the

Property.

The Javiers are in default in the performance of the terms and conditions of the Mortgage,
under paragraph 9(a) of the Mortgage.

Lakeview is entitled to foreclose the Mortgage, in full or partial satisfaction of the Javiers
obligations in connection with the Note and or Mortgage pursuant to their terms and
applicable law, under paragraph 22 of the Mortgage.

Lakeview is entitled to foreclose the Mortgage by invoking the Statutory Power of Sale
pursuant to paragraph 22 of the terms of the Mortgage.

The interests of all defendants in and to the Property are subordinate and subject to the
Mortgage.

Upon examination of the public records, there are no other parties with a mortgage, lien,
encumbrance, or other equitable interest with respect to the Property.

There are no persons having any interest of ownership who are in the Military Service of
the United States of America or otherwise entitled to the relief and benefits provided by
the Act of Congress known as the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, 50 U.S.C. §3901 et
seq, as amended. A true and accurate copy of the Department of Defense Manpower Data

Center Status Report is attached as Exhibit K.

WHEREFORE, Plaintiff prays that the following relief enter:

1. Order that the Javiers are in default of the terms and conditions of the Note or Mortgage;
2. Order that the notice of default provisions of the Mortgage were strictly complied with

prior to commencement of this action;

25-006241 5


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

25-006241

Order that the Javiers are not in the Military Service of the United States of America
or otherwise entitled to the relief and benefits provided by the Act of Congress known
as the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, 50 U.S.C. §3901 et seq, as amended;

Enter Conditional Judgment pursuant to M.G.L. Ch. 244 § 3 authorizing Lakeview to
foreclose the Mortgage registered with the Plymouth County Registry of Deed in Book
51850 at Page 131, by invoking the Statutory Power of Sale and entry for possession
in accordance with M.G.L. Ch. 244 § 1 through § 11, inclusive;

After filing of a Report of Sale, confirm the acts of Lakeview done and performed under
the authority of the Conditional Judgment by entering a Final Decree confirming the
foreclosure sale pursuant to M.G.L. Ch. 244 §12;

Order that any Defendants holding a lien or liens attached to the Property that fail to
appear or file an answer in this action shall result in a waiver of any statutory or other
applicable redemption period(s);

Order that, upon payment of all required fees, an attested copy of the Conditional
Judgment and Final Decree shall be recorded at the Plymouth County Registry of
Deeds; and

Grant other such relief as this Honorable Court deems reasonable and just.

Plaintiff
By its attorney

/s/ Jason MacKeen.
Jason MacKeen, Esq. 696588
Orlans Law Group PLLC
PO Box 540540
Waltham MA 02454
(781) 790-7800



Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT A


Property Address: 37 Birch Hill Road, Bridgewater, MA. O2324

MASSACHUSETTS EXCISE TAX
Plemouth Distict ROD #14 Ot
S Date; 18282019 0841 AM
% CWP 120618 19611 Doc Plymouth Sounly Regis
Fee: $2,713.20 Cons: $595,000.00

saneauanaanganeagnineniseenipensiasanegbletons

NASSACHUSETTS QUTCLARIESE obi
Ace lnvestient, LLC, a Massachusetts iid ably company having a usual
glace of business at 1896 Old Plymouth Street, Bridgewater, WA 02324, for ful

consideration paid of Five Hundred Ninety Five Thousand (US $995,000.00)
Dobars R

grant to Enrique Javier and Carlle Javier, husband and wile, as tenants by the
entirety 27 dicch Hal foal, Bidaednser WR ORY
wih quitelaim covenants

Thal certain paroe! of land, wth the biidings thereon in Bridgewater, Piymoutl

~~ County, Massachusells, situated on the westerly side of Lake Nippinect

bounded and described as follows: ; |

Beginning at a pat comer formed ay fhe junction of remaining land of
Florence M. Reed land recantly convayed rd by Florence M. Reed and
also land conveyed by the said Florence MM Reed to Fitzgerald being the
westerly comer of the herein desoribed lof of land thence by said Plokard’s
southerly fine N, 86° 45° E, 105.5? feet to a tutn, thence $. 80° 16 E. 12

tore of les fo te weetey tne of Leke Nopineckt hence by sa
southerly 90 feet mote or leas to a comer of land Of aaid Fitzgerald, the

said Ftagerald land N. 69°31 W. 208 feet more or eed ta the point of beginning. ,

The above premises are subject fo all easements! of record insofar as the samesd
may be in full force and effect.

Being the same premises conveyed fo the herein nated grantor(s) by tefl
recorded with Plymouth County Registy of Deeds in Book 41615, Page 310.
|


a

nytt tle 2018.

Aca Investment, LLG

‘Elremidis, Manager

COMMONWEALTHOF MASSACHUSETTS
County of

on tis day of Eger 2019, betore me the undersigned
nolary public, personally appeared Charles T. Efremidis, who proved fo me
through satisfactory evidence of identtacation, which wasitiddr L/id Litea/”
fo be the person whose name ls signed on tha oreceding or attached document,
and acknowledged fo me that he signedut voluntarly for its stated purpase on

beta of he Ac invest LLC.
otany Pub Tanne Mm Chesh

imeiien if Ia F
ul



Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT B


BORROWER'S PROMISE TO PAY .
in return for a loan that | have received, | promise to pay U.S. $584,223.00 (this amount is called “Principal”),
plus interest, to the order of the Lender. The Lender is CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC, a Limited Liability Company.

{will make all-:payments under this Nole in the form of cash, check or money order.
lunderstand that the Lender may transfer this Note. The Lender or anyone who takes this Note by transfer and who
_ is entitled to receive payments under this Note is called the “Note Holder.”

2. INTEREST

Interest will be charged on unpaid principal until the full amount of Principal has been paid. | will pay interest at.a
yearly rate of 3.750 %.

The interest rate required by this Section 2 is the rate | will pay both before and after any default described in Section
6(B) of this Note.

3. PAYMENTS.

(A) Time and Place of Payments

(will pay principal and interest by making a payment every menth: .

( will make my monthly payment on the 1st day of each month beginning on December 1, 2019.
{will make these payments every month until | have paid all of the principal and interestand any other charges described
below that | may owe under this Note. Each monthly payment will be applied as of its scheduled due date and will
be applied to interest and any other items in the order described in the Security Instrument before Principal. If, on
November 1, 2049, ! still owe amounts under this Note, | will pay those amounts in full on that date, which is
called the “Maturity Date.”

| will make my monthly payments at 6850 Miller Road

Brecksville, OH 44141

or at a different place if required by the Note Holder.

(B) Amount of Monthly Payments

My monthly payment will be in the amount of U.S. $2,705.63.

4. BORROWER'S RIGHT TO PREPAY

[have the right to make payments of Principal at any time before they are due. A payment of Principal only is known
as a “Prepayment.” When | make a Prepayment, twill tell the Note Holder in writing that 1 am-doing so. | may not designate
a payment as a Prepayment if | have not made all the monthly payments due under the Note.

| may make a full Prepayment or partial Prepayments without paying a Prepayment charge. The Note Holder will use
my Prepayments to reduce the amount of Principal that | owe under this Note. However, the Note Holder may apply my
Prepayment to the accrued and unpaid interest on the Prepayment amount, before applying my Prepayment to reduce the
Principal amount of the Note. If | make a partial Prepayment, there will be no changes in the due date or in the amount of
my monthly payment unless the Note Holder agrees in writing to those changes.

5. LOAN CHARGES

{f a law, which applies to this loan and which sets maximum loan charges, is finally interpreted so that the interest or
other loan charges collected or to be collected in connection with this loan exceed the permitted limits, then: (a) any such
loan charge shall be reduced by the amount necessary to reduce the charge to the permitted limit; and (b) any sums already
collected [rom me which exceeded permitted limits will be refunded to me. The Note Holder may choose to make this refund
by reducing the Principal ! owe under this Note or by making a direct payment to me. If a refund reduces Principal, the
reduction will be treated as a partial Prepayment.

6. BORROWER'S FAILURE TO PAY AS REQUIRED
(A) Late Charge for Overdue Payments
If the Note Holder has not received the full amount of any monthly payment by the end of 15 aleniar days-after
the date it is due, | will pay a late charge to the Note Holder. The amount of the charge will be 3:090 % of my overdue
payment of principal and interest. | will pay this late charge promptly but only once on each late payment.

(B) Default

If | do not pay the full amount of each monthly payment on the date it is due, | will be in defaull.

(C) Notice of Default

IF. am in default, the Note Holder may send me a written notice telling me that if 1 do not pay the overdue amount by a
certain date, the Note Holder may require me to pay immediately the full amount of Principal which has not been paid and

MULTISTATE FIXED RATE NOTE - Single Family - Fannie MaelFreddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT Form 3200 1/01
Modified for FHA 9/15 (rev. 2/16)

Elie Mae, Inc. Page 1 of 2 FHA3200NOT 0216

FHA200NOT (CLS)

10/24/2019 07:08 PM PST



Any notice that must be given to the Note Holder under this Note will be given by delivering it or by mailing it by first
class mail to the Note Holder at the address stated in Section 3(A) above or at a different address if 1 am given a notice
of that different address.

8. OBLIGATIONS OF PERSONS UNDER THIS NOTE

\{ more than one person signs this Note, each person is fully and personally obligated to keep all of the promises
made in this Note, including the promise to pay the full amount owed. Any person who is a guarantor, surety or endorser
of this Note is also obligated to do these things. Any person who takes over these obligations, including the obligations
of a guarantor, surety or endorser of this Note, is also obligated to keep all of the promises made in this Note. The Note
Holder may enforce its rights under this Note against each person individually or against all of us together. This means
that any one of us may be required to pay all of the amounts owed under this Note.

9. WAIVERS

Vand any other person who has obligations under this Note waive the rights of Presentment and Notice of Dishonor.
“Presentment” means the right to require the Note Holder to demand payment of amounts due. “Notice of Dishonor”
means the right to require the Note Holder to give notice to other persons that amounts due have not been paid.

10. UNIFORM SECURED NOTE

This Note is a uniform instrument with limited variations in some jurisdictions. In addition to the protections given to
the Note Holder under this Nole, a Mortgage, Deed of Trust, or Securily Deed (the "Security Instrument’), dated the same
date as this Note, protects the Note Holder from possible losses which might result if | do not keep the promises which |
make in this Note. That Security Instrument describes how and under what conditions | may be required to make immediate
Payment in full of all amounts | owe under this Note. Some of those conditions are described as follows:

If all or any part of the Property or any Interest in the Property is sold or transferred (or if Borrower is not a
natural person and a beneficial interest in Borrower is sold or transferred) without Lender's prior written consent,
Lender may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument. However, this
option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by Applicable Law.

If Lender exercises this option, Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleration. The notice shall provide
8 period of not less than 30 days from the date the notice is given in accordance with Section 14 within which
Borrower must pay all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If Borrower fails to pay these sums prior to the
expiration of this period, Lender may invoke any remedies permitted by this Security Instrument without further
notice or demand on Borrower.

WITNESS THE HAND(S) AND SEAL(S) OF THE UNDERSIGNED.

On LAK : (Seal)

CARLIE JAVIER

Lender: CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC

NMLS ID: 3029
Loan Originator: Jennifer Morrison .
NMLS ID: 36462 :
Pay. To The Order Of
Without Recourse
Lakeview Loan Servicing, LLC

{Sign Original Only]

MULTISTATE FIXED RATE NOTE - Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT — Form 3200 1/01
Modified for FHA 9/15 (rev. 2/16)
Ellie Mae, Inc. Page 2 of 2 FHA3200NOT 0216
FHA3200NOT (CLS)
10/24/2019 07:08 PM PST



Date Fijed 42/1/2025,10:13 AM
aa! eee erin
Docket Number

ALLONGE

‘oan Number: fF
.

Loan Date: 10/25/2019

Borrower(s): Carlie Javier
Property Address: 37 Birch Hill Rd Bridgewater, MA 02324 ~

Principal Balance: 584,223.00

PAY TO THE ORDER OF

LAKEVIEW LOAN SERVICING LLC

Without Recourse

Company Name: CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC, A Limited Liability Company

Rasy 8



Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT C


Sotrower is he Morigagor under thus Secunty Instrument,

IC) "MERS” ie Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, inc, MERS is a separate corporation thal ig

acting solely a8 9 nominee for Lander and Lender's euccensory and assigns. MERS is the mortgagee

Under this Security instrument, MERS i omanited & he lowe of Dalawara and has
an address and lelephone number of PO. Box 2026, Flint, Ml 4851-2028, tel. (O88) STEMERS,

i D) “Lender's. GrossCountry Mortgage, LLC.

Landers a Limited Liability Company, organized and existing
unde the ews ol Delaware.
Lenders address & 6260 Wier Road, Brackavilie, OH datdt,

(D+) "Mortgage Broker" ic NOMORTGAGEGROKER

YALSACHUSETTS ents Fomly-101 9
Modied ig Pay & :
Elle Maa ne



in) “Mortgage neurance’ meare
on he Loan, ;
(0) “Periodic Payment" means the regulary scheduled ambunt gue fr (
the Nola ol fly emnmnis under Section 4 of this Security iret,

(P) "RESPA" means the Real Eetate Settlement Procedurog Act (12 0.5.0. §2601 at seq) and ils
impemeniing regulabon, Regulabon X (12 GER. Parl 1024), es. the, phigh! be amended from time to
time, OF any adaiional or succeseor legislalion of rag pine we same gubject matter As
used in hig Securly Instrument, "RESPA’ refers to all requirema

ance prolecting mou apaine! the nonpayment ol, or defaul

final and nleveal under

rivard Tourclons thal are imposed
in regard (2 “lederally related mortgage loan’ even # lhe Loan det nel qually as a federally wigied
morgage loan’ under RESPA.

(Q) “Secretary” means the Secretary of the United Slates Departmen! of Housing and Urban Develop.
ment oF hs deoy ee,
(R) “Successor in Interest of Borrower” means any party that has! laven tip te he Property. vine
oy fol that party has agsumed Eonower's obligalions under the Note ardor fit § Seca ty Inglumer

TRANSFER OF RIGHTS IN THE PROPERTY
Ths Security lpgtrument secures to Lender () (he repayment of the Loan, and all renewals, exlan-
sone and modifications of the Nole: and (h ithe performance of Borrower's sovenanys and agreeinen's

MASSACHISET TS Suge sed oni Frew Veli recile Mae Pon 02 few):
Mode te THAD (Oe Moe re ee

Ee Mae. te Page 2 of 14 WAEFRAEDE 0217



hiaeliea ual ik

EG EE EER ST a I Ee ROY See, See Fee RS Ry Ne Te ee Se ENE FO

ceded sa : iE oid ys ping te Been 4 Sociol tue oie the Nal sabe

ips thal ns T datnaats coat 4
one of more of the following forms, as st
cola oe Heanor

braced ae

\ rie @ vat payers are

i | i r paria! payment ingullicien! to
bring a te Loan curtent 4 i is hereundey or preuelice (6 te nghis to reluse auch
payment orp | : an

mares saint Ho [

bed Lender Hh af

ad on Punrle MinsPiedie Mac Pom Sze)



holong ane applying ihe Funds,
ng unteas Lender pays Borrower
yeh s chemge. Unless an agreement
‘ pee i ihe e spina Law ts 8 ite gn le Funds, Lender shal nol be
reqquited to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on the Funds. Bortwer and Lender can agree in
welling, however, hal interes! shall be paid on the Funds. Lendat shal ¢ive to Borrower, without charge,
ig ofthe Funds-as requredbyREGPA, 8
lus of Funds held in escrow as defined under REBPA, Pwder shall ace Bor
rower or the excese funds in accordance WIR RESPA, Wfhere isa alfar wpe of Funds held in eBcrow, a8
defined under RESPA, Lender shall no‘ify Borrower as required bw RESPA, end Boerower shall we io
Lender the necessary to male up the shortage in accordange with RES
ie monthly payments. i there isa deficiens yal Funds held in escrow, gedall
shall notify Rorrower as requied by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay 6 Lend]
lo make up the deficiancy in accordance wih PEGPA, bul nna mere tan et

Upon payment in full diane by his Seeunty Instry netidbher
to Borrower any Funce held by i

ai a sp Liens, 7 So al bean vests not e ares, hes ole impost ons

fon Fave Mindbrotdls Mae Pag

Pagedal 1



i dik creer em ATG Cilecmiaihel -mdiunlsiiline. Mascara nits’

ajo oF repair is economically leas! ssible

fabon pened, Lender shall have the

ads uni Lender has had An opportunity p Piped such Miah el lo
1 ane § Mapua uch

and Lend’ & secu ‘yi 8 re eesened,
fight to bold auch insu
ansure the wore baie

ty Berner thal nal ee nal ere at
sre K the eninge trea eho aco

6 secured ty thie

ie wii J i 0 wer, Such inguwance promeds te ap rit

tenes abandons the Property, Leader may Hie, negotiate ane ct at available euiance
aim andy ters. I Borrower does not respond within 30 dayadeya petice from wei thal
the aut fered io sellle a clam, then Lender may negotiate pind alte the claim. The

sane begin whee the nolee 6 fiven, In edher event 0 ;

de

eee ve Property


to, el the F ny io make wei, sarge pe poms oan] up doors and windows, drain

elreinsie} hors, and have ules
9, Lender dons no! have (o do te
LOneier incurs na jlabilty for not faking

adi PO cline y duly oF 6
any oF # ater a peo
12 became additional debt of Borrower
re ey at (he Note tate from the
22 from Lender to Borrower

esting paymen,
ly ine ruven 6 On e macehed, Gorrower ahall cons
Borrower shall not surrender the jaasehold eetele and inferesis herein x
the ground lease. Bonower shall nal, wihoul the express wetlen con i
ground lease. I Borrower acquires fee tile to the Property, the learel hake and ite
bless Lender agrees lo lhe merger A wrth,

10. Assignment of Miscellaneous Proceeds: Forfeiture. Al MWiscebareous Proceeds ate hereby
assigned lo and shall be paid io Lender

il the Property is damaged, such Miscellaneous Procends shall be applied
the Property, i tne restoration or repair tp economically feasible and Lendar’

sors of the lease,
favag of eTningie of cancel
ler gler ee orrend the
ie shal nol metge

enter er repair of
only 9 nol eseered,

“ue VaolPatde Mac Fos

Pages ol 1]



Gin Le TA een a MTT ETAT aT AT AAV cel anetat eine eeu Mee nT SecA

any inl vita vob f, Lae al nba aging crmence proceedings againal
any Sucnesey 6
lization of the sums secured by is se ttn nt by by fan damand made by the anginal

irwal of any oraoe by .ender ip exercging any night
of remedy incluciey i, ate ssn of ayant form third persons, elias or
Successors in Interest of Borrower ov in amounts legs {han the amour vthen due shal not be a waver
of or piece the exeruse of any nght or remedy, j

hes Joint and Several peers sapsapeastiral ane Asin Bound, sete a
; mee ih i

tems SG ee o

nshyrant, ‘i al 6
make an bin on ee read b the ih df thi Sect) bad ren c ine hoe wi ou the
ooebighers comsan|,

eo

D he provions of Section 17, any Successor in Interest o/o
ar (his Securty Instrument in willing, and soproved b by nd ce! «shal fal
al Ba ane rahis and ben velits under Ing Securly Instrument. Borowe) th i at ot be feleaged Sh om

Page7 of 7]



ats transferred ina bond for ded, éonjact deed, nctalant sales contract

4
oF auCreW a he infer Adalat iransler of ip by Horrower al a iulure daie it a pwecnoeer,
Hare any nate referred (or # Bortower is not
anatural person and ab red whet Lender's prior wrltien

conser, Lender il regu Ferree ta len cue by this rapid ania

if Lender exers cit Ne oti 04, tin fohalg :
provide @ partied of not less than 30 dave fom the dale the note Pa ncordnce Secon
{4 win when Borrower must pay all suns secured by te ig Seuny ifs rurent, | Boreswer fails tp
pay these sums prior fo the expiration of ttvs pariod, Lander may invokarany remedies permuted by the
Security inate shee tute : rheplasraabaagoree :

é ‘ecuty festrument sk a) Vales seh Minis Lanter May feator

MASSACHUSETTS: on Fania Mani Praddie Mar Fatt

file Mas be Page fol 11



i eh ale al ad bsicl ges Sal

a other mriia ny

a

his es rego Pp ay ry ong ih and ary
true AG se egy any Enwy for

hing, fscharge release or threat of olaase

i ioy ot use ot on bila

verse tte ao othe Pt

governed a or str abot, w aly pn aid th fay

Hazardous Subslante alfeciing (he Property s :

remedial eclions 1 acconiance wilh ennai Law Nai ing!

Lander for an Environmental Cleanup,

22, Grounds for Acceleration of Debt,

(a) Default: eaten may, son is a8 pine uy rege si pe oh ho droid inthe both pay.

fered on i any
leks bot in,

(b) Sale Without Crt Approvl Lender shelf pecnited
24110) of fhe GamSt, Germain Depository instiimions Ad of 102

2, 1008.6. 4701,-3¢)) ana with

on nek as ele



Pit a NEN Ninth ot shill acing Man ila oh lai! aa lit git a Alia ll ulnar atta bitin iliac cla tl

fa} a) the deft; (b) the action required to cure the datault: | it) abe tg, not loss than 90 days from
the date the notice 16 given to Borrower, by which the dejaul ust be cured: and (d) that fallare
to cure the default on or before the date specified in tha motive may reault in acceleration of the
sums secured by this Security Instrument and sale of the Property. “he notice shall further inform
Borrower of the right to reinstate after acceleration and the dg) to fing a court action to aspert
the nonexistence of a default or any other defense of Borrower tp acceleration and sale, If the
default is not cured on or belore the date specified in the notice, Lent at its option may require
remediate payment In ful of all sums secured by this Security instrument without further demand
and may invoke the STATUTORY POWER OF SALE and any othar famedies permitted by Applicable
Law, Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses Incurred in gurmulng the remedies provided in
this Section 24, including, bul sot limited to, reasonable atlomeyr’ Ipas and costs of tile evidence,

Hf Lender invokes the STATUTORY POWER OF SALE, Lender yhall mall x copy of a notice of
sale to Borrower, and fo other porsons prescribed by Applicable aw, ia the manner provided by
Applicable Law, Lender shall aublish the notlce of sale, and the Property shal! he old in the man
ner prescribed by Applicable Law, Lendor or its designee may purchaay the Property af any sale,
The proceeds of the sale shall be applied in the following order; (a) ‘o ail expenses of the sale,
including, bul pot lived fo, magonable attotneys’ fees; (b) to all sume aecured ay this Security
Inetrument; and (c} any excess to the person or persons legally entitley to Ik

Fanele MaelPreddie Mac Form 322 wet

MASSACHUSETTS)
Motiied ior FHA by Clie Mi nn



ul

er Pr fe, i “i Na seiet
Notary signature fe] y vite fe

wd.
Mycommudonepas 4 Is | 3

Lender: CroseCouniry Mortgage, LLC
NALS 1D; 3028

Loan Originator: Jennifer Morrison
WLS 1D: 36462

Modis! for PA by Fes Nae te, ;
Ele Moe, bre Page Ti oh)



Evhibis A - Property Description

Closing Bate: Was

Bosrower(sh: Cytlie Javier and Enelque Javier
Pagparty Address: 37 Bleeb Hill Rend, Bridgewater, MA O2214
Paroel ID: ay

‘Thst censin parcel of land, with the buildings theneon in Bridgewater, Plymouth County,
Massachusetts, situated on the westerly side of Lake Nippiceckit and deseribed as follows:

Beginning af e point a comer formed by Cae hunction of remaining land of Florence M. Reed,

{and tecently conveyed to Pickard by Flores M. Reed and also land comveyed by the said
Floreace M. Reed to Fitegerald,beitg the westerly comer of the herein described iat of land;
ty aha ae WE 15]
feet more ot less to the westerly line of Lake Wippineckit; tence by sald Lake southerly 90 feet
more or less fo 8 comnes of land ef said Fitzgerald; dheace by caid Fitegrald land N. 63°02 W. j
228 fort more or fess to the point of begining. il
‘The above premises are subject to all easements of record insofar as the same may be in full
fosce and elfect

Foriltle see deed recorded herewith.

cote ROTA he. ga wel mt

inn ¢ SONAL, Ut


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT D


AND ASSIGNS th ie
af sad core

oe

Poge ofl

MERS PHONE: 1-888-679-6377



Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT E


548) oa sre of SW ahi ve! il i \
¢ fEIGHTY-NINE THE 4
OLLARS AND? T6CENTS

8
>
DO

ivi
He

Property Addreo: 377 BIRCHUILL RD, ERIDGEWATER, MA GUD.



4 BOTTOWOE NOL RGCRSCE, POMIEATAINE BY SERGED NUTR WAIVER, UXMCTISOR 0.
be time of payment of the sums secured by this Secunty Instrument granted by Lender to
ae successor in interest of Borrower shall not ptsehs release the liability of the original
Borrower or Borrower's successor in interest, Lender sha at be required to cominence
omen against any successor in interest or refuse 10 extend time for payment or
herwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Beourity Instrument by reason of

i di made by the onan Borrower or Barowefus sPay0rs Mh alee, Ay
forbearance by Lender in exerelsing any right or remedy #hal! not be a waiver of or preclude
the exercise of any right or remedy,

4, Successors and Assigns Bound: Jaint and Several Llability; Co-signers. The
covenants and agreements of this Securty Instrument shall bind aad benefit the successors

Partial Clams Agreement 62021108 } |



COOL (0) a Gate, ROE 08s Ui 10 days Trin ne daly 2 REPEC F 18 GIVER Te BOTTOWet, DY
ce the default must be cused, and (a) that fashurg 1 to gate the deftult op or before the date
ocfied in the notice may result in acceleration of the sums secured by this Security
satin and sale ofthe Property, The notice shal fart vet wevorm Borrower of the right lo
reinstate after acceleration and (he right to bring a court dchyn to assert the non-existence al

a default or any other defense of Borrower 0 aced leratfon ahd eke, Ifthe default is not
cured on. or before the date specified in the notice, Lender fi iby Optlon may require
immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Sedunty Invrument without farther
demand and may invoke arly other remedies permutied by Avplicagie Law, Lender shall be
entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies ptovided in this Section 7,
including, bat no! limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of Hile evident






DOHE UIE IE PUGET LEWC 0G G0 EG dA ER A LO EAB
HUSBAND AND WIFE, AS TENANTS BY THE ENTIRETY from att
INVESTMENT, LLC by Deed dated 1025 gi und rieortied on 82019 in
Repiter of Deed for PLYMOUTH € ounty, MA SSACKUSETTS in Deed Inst trement =
000912 Deed Book: $1RS0, Page: 129

ip
L
a

ALSO KNOWN AS.37 BIRCH HILL RD, BRIDGEWATER, MASSACHUSETTS
344

aajc
Pause 6



Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT F


OCTOBER 31, 2023. The

HUSBAND AND WIFE (4
BRIDGEWATER, MASSACHUS 2324, This &
Seeretary of Housing and Urban Developsett a ce

phsin ot BC 2410 ier). Borower es



2. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance My, Lencor Not a Waiver, Exte

the lime of pas iment a thes ums cucu oy this See uty prrent aranted a yi ender {0

ary demand mage by the anginal Borrower ot Boros sabeaenia thee Aa
forbearance 6 Let ec ercising any righ Aah not be awa tan ide
the exercise of any neht or remedy

3, Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and §
covenants and agreements of fis Security Instrument §

o

=

“il Liability; Co-signers, The
ad and bepefi

tthe successors

fe, 4 A pope aut FHA!



default; (c} a date, not Less than 30 days from the date the aatice is given to Borrower, by
which the dealt. must le cured: and (that fi _ {p cure the default on or before the date
specified tn the notice may result mn acceleration of the syns secured by this Security
Tastrument and sale of the Property, The notice shail futher inierm Borrower of the night to
reinstate after acceleration and the right to bring a cour, acting {0 assert the non-existence of
a default of aay other defense of Borrower (o acceleration ad sale the default is not
cured on or before the date specified in the notice, Lender at{ts option may require
immediate payment in full of al! sums secured by this Secusty {nstrament without father
demand and may invoke any other remedies permitted by Applicable Law, Lender shall be
entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the rembies provided in this Section 7,
including, but aot linuted to, reasonable attomeys' fees and costs of ttle evidence.

Partial Claims Apresmens (0; 22003 108







HUSBAND AND WIFE, AS TENANTS BY THE ENTIRETY from ACE
INVESTMENT, LLC by = ne ____._._ tl recorded om 10/28/2019 in the
Register of Deed for PLYMOUTH County, MASSACHUSETTS in Deed Instrument
00091218 Deed Rawk: SIRS, ‘ig 129 i

ALSO KNOWN AS: 37 BIRCH HILL RD, BRIDGEW ATER, MASSACHUSETTS
04

eng
ae



Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT G


gah Y BIRCH BILL RD, BRIDGE WATER, MASVACHUSETTS O2724 (h

Kage


5. Goveralig Law, Severalinly, is Secuniy Iniyieais ia Oe BVOEG Oy PRE aw ae
the law of the jansdiction in which the Property is located. n dye ever that any provision or clause ofthis
Scowrity instrument or the Note conllats with applicable kaw, Yc wfaflict hall oot aflect ether provisions of
ihis Security Instrument ar the Neve which can by given effect witufa the conflicting provision. To this end the
provisions of this Scourity Invtrament and the Note are declared la he geveribie.

6. Hacrawer's Cupy, Becsnwer dhall be given one iadubt gopy of the Note und of this Security

NONUNIFORM COVENANTS, Borrower and Lender fatboy cow aant and agree a8 follows:

7, Acveleeation; Remedies, Lender saall give notice to Bothawer prog to azceleration following
Borrower's beeac of ny oovenanl ot agreement ai this Securrty Inetruenen, Theroton shall spenily: (a) the
delault (5) tbe action eeuuaned te eure the default (g) a date, not lew Ur 10 dayr /rom the date the notice is
aiven to Borrower, by which the default must be cured: and {a} that failure to cureche default on or before the

Portal Cain Agreement (002) 1G





Partial

aes!


BAN AOLAE PRERR OUP Edy Th RA BR RRA ER TEE eB Aehs i j
INVESTMENT, LLC by Deed dated nd recorded om 10/28/2019 in th LU
Register of Deed for PLYMOUTH County, WASSACHUSETTS in Deed tastrument ™
0091218 Deed Book: S1880, Page: 129

ALSO KNOWN AS: 37 BIRCH HILL RD, BRIDGEWATER, MASSACHUSETTS
02324

Parla! Claims Agreement 120!



Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT H


age PANE REET ORES 64 UF ie Ne IS TAGS 4 hak USAR PR! Sanetes Mees EPS SS See. BBR REE AOR BP BOE RT

‘The tortgagar 's ENRIQUE JAVIER AND CARLIE JAVIER, )SBANP AND WIFE, AS TENANTS
oY THE ENTIRETY whose address is 073 VW PARKWAY D974 OL CHESTNUT HILL, MA 02487

E Thuy Soourty lesument i poved lo the Setretaty a! Hotgg ad Un veel, wow elds y 48

Seventh Meee, SW Meashingion DC MAU HUD Lorowe obi pain!» pay HU Than eecar! equal

| advences, incink ou Borroe ys byt opto the prncinal am of

PORTY-POUICTHOUSAND TIGHT HUNDHED MINED SIN ILL AND 1 CENTSICS

(OG 8001 cater earns of Heroes Payment Sapp ema ig aoe Gite atin Paved

i int ere — eee iets “Nae ah a bene: nck provid I be

©, vides mh tek terms of fie Payment Sipp james pect seplorce Nee, Ths

uiyLaiuren eres to LIL: (0h epapment ofthe det evden Te ee wed all eens,

: | eu 3 hc py ie as anc on Peg 7
ptutect (be socurtiy of tins Securily Instrument’ an! (c) be perioemanee of Hoeven al

| Prpoont Sepia Hate iad Seouy bonnet OTE 9 P|



eines halen indent e a ‘he guns secured oy ts Securtty inerument

hy reson af any demand made by the ongnal Bomawer on Bomover e suceeuon in tere, Ary
forbeasanee by HUD in exercisieg any Hedl oF remedy ase the Nee, Fegment Supplement Agreement,
ct this Seeurity Inmearent shal get he coweever of arate " atergist of any nent et remedy.

3, Sueceasors aad Awigns Bound: Join and Several Liability (stn ‘The coswtonts and agrenmments
af ths Seounty ineirnent chal bind and benef Henower acs ay sucpcasers nn wsslehs. Borrower may
nest asaya ne Sovurity instrament 0 another person at ety fu jot EO yprier writen anpeowal. Te
* ent hts is eure hag ote Rorrower, euch Horawer't tovenunts and agreemen’s doll be ant and

1, Any Hoemwet wha ew signs this Security Instrument is nt reucired by HUD to execute the
i da) co-sign (ie Security Inatrertend only to mortgage, on dial convey at Bortower’s
(terest in dle Peopebty unadet the terms of this Security Inatrumge ee is nut personally obligated to pay
the sums socared ly this Security Instrum) and (0) agreet at NL Uoand any other Borrower may agtes
‘o enter, eodify forbear or mune any accommodations with roped W the wer of tis Secunly
Insrument, [ie Paymant Supplement Agmeemeni, or the Note wilibus that Bonrower's cones,

yt ue Sd Sey nen OTD 19 S|







Being the same property conveyed to ENRIQUE JAVIRR AND CARLIE JAVIER,
HUSBAND AND WIFE, AS TENANTS BY THE ENTIRETY from ACE
INVESTMENT. LLC by Deed dated sand recorded on 10/28/2019 in the
Repister of Deed for PLYMOUTH County, MASS \CHUSETTS in Deed Instrument
G09) 218 Deed Book: 51950, Page: 129

ALSO KNOWN AS: 37 BIRCH HILL RD, BRIDGEWAT Ea, MASSACHUSETTS
02324

ievnest huoplemet Note and Secunty meinen 07004 519



Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT I


Sueded dane OIE IS AM

Superi

cao foagstar

5151 CORPORATE DR
TROY MI 48098-2639
RETURN SERVICE REQUESTED

OT ete Co bE
S-SFFLAG10 L-DE202R
PL41YV00300056 - 808105105 101157

CARLIE JAVIER
675 VFW PARKWAY PMB 191
CHESTNUTHILL MA 02467-3656

December 18, 2024

Loan #
Property Address:

37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater MA 02324

DE202 A/L 0224


De i 2/1 £202: 13 AM
Sue cba“ Pech
Docket Number

* This is an important notice concerning your right to live in your home. Have it translated at once.

¢ Esta carta explica sus derechos legales para permanecer en su propiedad de vivienda. Por favor
traduzca esta notificacion inmediatamente.

* Este é um aviso importante em relagao ao seu dereito de morar na sua residéncia. Por favor, tem
tradizido imediatamente.

¢ C'est une notification importante concernant votre droit de vivre chez vous. Faites-la traduire
immédiatement.

“WW SS Ee

90-Day Right to Cure Your Mortgage Default

December 18, 2024

Sent Via Certified Mail and First-Class Mail

CARLIE JAVIER
675 VFW PARKWAY PMB 191
CHESTNUTHILL MA 02467-3656

RE: 37 Birch Hill Rd Bridgewater MA 02324; loa TE vith Lakeview Loan Servicing, Llc, as
mortgagee; Mortgage Broker/Loan Originator, NOT APPLICABLE/JENNIFER MORRISON

To: Carlie Javier

We are contacting you because you did not make your monthly loan payments due on 11/1/24, 12/1/24 to
Flagstar Bank, N.A. as servicer. You must pay the past due amount of $6,974.00 on or before March 18,
2025, which is 90 days from the date of this notice. The past due amount on the date of this notice is
specified below:

Current Due Date of Loan: November 01, 2024
Total of all Unpaid Payments: $6,811.66

Total of Unpaid Late Fees: $162.34

Total of Unpaid Other Fees: $0.00

Less - Partial Payment Balance: $0.00

TOTAL DUE: $6,974.00

Unpaid Payment Breakdown:
11/01/24 - $3,405.83
12/01/24 - $3,405.83


De i 2/1 £202: ;13 AM
Sneed “Bien
Docket Number

If you pay the past due amount, and any additional monthly payments, late charges or fees that may
become due between the date of this notice and the date when you make your payment, your account will
be considered up-to-date and you can continue to make your regular monthly payments.

Make your payment directly to:
Payment Processing, P.O. Box 660263, Dallas, TX, 75266-0263.

Please consider the following:

*® You should contact the Homeownership Preservation Foundation (888-995-HOPE) to speak with
counselors who can provide assistance and may be able to help you work with your lender to avoid
foreclosure.

e If you are a MassHousing borrower, you may also contact MassHousing (888-843-6432) to
determine if you are eligible for additional assistance. There may be other homeownership
assistance available through your lender or servicer.

e You may also contact the Division of Banks (617-956-1500) or visit www.mass.gov/foreclosures to
find a foreclosure prevention program near you.

e After March 18, 2025, you can still avoid foreclosure by paying the total past due amount before a
foreclosure sale takes place. Depending on the terms of the loan, there may also be other ways to
avoid foreclosure, such as selling your property, refinancing your loan, or voluntarily transferring
ownership of the property to Lakeview Loan Servicing, Llc.

If you do not pay the total past due amount of $6,974.00 and any additional payments that may become
due by March 18, 2025, you may be evicted from your home after a foreclosure sale. If Lakeview Loan
Servicing, Lic forecloses on this property, it means the mortgagee or a new buyer will take over the
ownership of your home.

If you have questions, or disagree with the calculation of your past due balance, please contact Flagstar
Bank at (800)393-4887 Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 9 p.m. ET, or Collections Department W-110-2,
5151 Corporate Drive, Troy, MI 48098.

Sincerely,
Bella Kharson

Collections Department
Flagstar Bank, N.A.

Enclosed with this notice, there may be additional important disclosures related to applicable laws and
requirements that you should carefully review.


De i 2/1€202: 13 AM
Sneed“ Birch
Docket Number

* This is an important notice concerning your right to live in your home. Have it translated at once.

¢ Esta carta explica sus derechos legales para permanecer en su propiedad de vivienda. Por favor
traduzca esta notificacion inmediatamente.

« Este é um aviso importante em relacao ao seu dereito de morar na sua residéncia. Por favor, tem
tradizido imediatamente.

¢ C'est une notification importante concernant votre droit de vivre chez vous. Faites-la traduire
immédiatement.

RIGHT TO REQUEST A MODIFIED MORTGAGE LOAN
December 18, 2024

Sent Via Certified Mail and First Class Mail

CARLIE JAVIER
675 VFW PARKWAY PMB 191
CHESTNUTHILL MA 02467-3656

RE: 37 Birch Hill Rd Bridgewater MA 02324; oa with Lakeview Loan Servicing, Llc, as
mortgagee.

To: Carlie Javier

We are contacting you because our records indicate that you are eligible to request a modification of your
mortgage with Flagstar Bank, N.A. If you want to request a loan modification or other foreclosure
alternative option, you must complete and return the enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form along
with any supporting information no later than January 17, 2025. The Mortgage Modification Options form
and any supporting documents must be returned by certified mail or similar service to Flagstar Bank as
servicer. We will respond to your request within 30 days of its receipt.

Please be aware this notice of the Right to Request a Modified Mortgage Loan is different from the Right to
Cure Your Mortgage Default notice that you may have already received. The enclosed Mortgage
Modification Options form provides you with four choices. These choices impact the options under the
Right to Cure notice and should be carefully considered. \f you do not want to request a loan modification,
you must still return the enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form. Please keep a copy of everything
you send to us and keep proof of mailing the materials to us.

If you do not return the enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form and a completed loan
modification application by January 17, 2025, your right to cure your mortgage default will end on
March 18, 2025.

If you have questions, please contact Flagstar Bank at (800)393-4887 Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 9
p.m. ET, or Collections Department, W-110-2, 5151 Corporate Drive, Troy MI 48098. If you would like
assistance from the Attorney General’s Office, you may contact the HomeCorps hotline at (617) 573-5333
to speak with a loan modification specialist who can assist you. We suggest you mention this notice when
you call.

Sincerely,

Bella Kharson

Collections Department
Flagstar Bank, N.A.

Enclosed with this notice, there may be additional important disclosures related to applicable laws and
requirements that you should carefully review.


De i 2/1
one cba
Docket Number

12534); 13 AM

lymouth

MORTGAGE MODIFICATION OPTIONS | |

You must return this form in the enclosed envelope by January 17, 2025.

CAI

RLIE JAVIER

675 VFW PARKWAY PMB 191

CH

ESTNUTHILL MA 02467-3656

RE: 37 Birch Hill Rd Bridgewater MA 02324; loan

To: Carlie Javier

You must check one of the following boxes to notify Flagstar Bank ,N.A. of how you would like to
proceed.

oO

| would like to request a loan modification. | have attached a complete statement of my income
and list of assets, total debts and obligations as requested by the creditor in the form(s) which
accompanied the Right to Request a Modified Mortgage Loan Notice. | maintain my right to a 90
day period to cure my mortgage default.

OI would like to request a different foreclosure alternative such as a short sale or deed-in-lieu of
foreclosure. | maintain my right to a 90 day period to cure my mortgage default.

O_sIdo not want to request a loan modification or any foreclosure alternative. | maintain my right to
a 90 day period to cure my mortgage default.

Os want to waive my right to cure the default on my mortgage loan and proceed to foreclosure. |
understand that by choosing this option I waive the remaining time, if any, of my right to cure
period.

Borrower Name Date

Borrower Telephone Number


De i 2/1202: ;13 AM
Sue cba“ Bineeh

Docket Number

This page intentionally left blank


De i 2/1622: 13 AM
Sate cba“ Birch
Docket Number

Loss Mitigation Application Homeowner Checklist

For Your Information Only - Do Not Return with your Loss Mitigation Application

GET STARTED - use this checklist to ensure you have completed all required forms and have the right information.

Step 1 QO Review the information provided to help you understand your options, responsibilities, and next steps:
Q_ Avoiding Foreclosure O Frequently Asked Questions Q Beware of Foreclosure Rescue Scams

Step 2 1 Complete and sign the enclosed Loss Mitigation Application.Must be signed by all borrowers on the mortgage _
(notarization is not required) and must include:
Q  Allincome, expenses, and assets for each borrower.
Q Anexplanation of the financial hardship that makes it difficult to pay the mortgage.
Q_ Your acknowledgment and agreement that all information that you provide is true and accurate.
Step 3 U) Complete and sign a dated copy of the enclosed IRS 4506-C Form.
Q_ For each borrower, please submit a signed, dated copy of IRS 4506-C Form.

Q_ For borrowers who filed their tax returns jointly, please submit one IRS 4506-C Form signed and dated by
both joint filers.

Step 4 [ay Provide the required Hardship Documentation that will be used to verify your hardship.

Q Follow the instructions set forth on the Loss Mitigation Application Form (enclosed).

Step 5 QO Provide required Income Documentation. This documentation will be used to verify your hardship and all of 7
your income (Notice: Alimony, child support, or separate maintenance income does not need to be revealed if
you choose not to have it considered for repaying this loan).

Q_ Follow the instructions set forth on the Loss Mitigation Application Form (enclosed).

Q You may also disclose any income from a household member who is not on the promissory note (non-
borrower contributor), such as a relative, spouse, domestic partner, or fiancé who occupies the property
as a primary residence. If you elect to disclose and rely upon this income to qualify, the required income
documentation is the same as the income documentation required for a borrower. See Page 4 of the Loss
Mitigation Application Form for specific details on income documentation.

Step 6 0) Gather and send completed documents (signed and dated)—your Loss Mitigation Application.

You must send in all required documentation listed in steps 2-4 above, and summarized below:

Loss Mitigation Application Form (enclosed).

Hardship Documentation as outlined on Page 3 of the Loss Mitigation Application Form (enclosed).

Income Documentation as outlined on Page 4 of the Loss Mitigation Application Form (enclosed).

Detailed Loss Mitigation Application—Financial Breakdown Form (enclosed).

IRS 4506-C Form (enclosed).

Optional: Third Party Authorization (enclosed).

Please send all documents above to us using any of the methods below:
By Mai Online: Toll-Free Fax:
Loss Mitigation W-110-2 FLAGSTAR.COM/MYLOANS (866) 234-9845
5151 Corporate Drive
Troy, MI 48098

| IMPORTANT REMINDERS:

Os Ifyou cannot provide the documentation within the time frame provided, have other types of income not specified
on Page 4 of the Loss Mitigation Application, cannot locate some or all of the required documents, OR have any
questions, please call us at (800)393-4887, Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 9 p.m. ET.

O Keep a copy of all documents and proof of mailing/submission for your records. Don't send original income or
hardship documents. Copies are acceptable.

O You can complete the loss mitigation application conveniently online through your account
(FLAGSTAR.COM/MYLOANS) .

Questions? Call us at (800)393-4887

62024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Albrights reserved, @Y Equal Housing Lender Page 1 of S
February 2024



De i 2/1202: 13 AM
Sneed “Birch
Docket Number

For Your Information Only - Do Not Return with Your Loss Mitigation Application

Information on Avoiding Foreclosure

Mortgage Programs Are Available to Help
There are a variety of programs available to help you resolve your delinquency and keep your home. You may be eligible
to refinance or modify your mortgage to make your payments and terms more manageable, for instance, lowering your
monthly payment to make it more affordable. Or, if you have missed a few payments, you may qualify for a temporary (or
permanent) solution to help you get your finances back on track. Depending on your circumstances, staying in your home
may not be possible. In this case, a short sale or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure may be a better choice than foreclosure — see
the table below for more information:

Refinance Receive a new loan with lower interest rate or Makes your payment or terms more affordable.
other favorable terms.

Reinstatement Pay the total outstanding payments owed, in a Allows you to avoid foreclosure by bringing your
lump sum, by a specific date. This may follow a mortgage current if you can show you have funds
forbearance plan as described below. that will become available at a specific date in the

future.

Repayment Plan Pay back your past-due payments together with _| Allows you time to catch up on late payments
your regular payments over an extended period without having to come up with a lump sum.
of time.

Forbearance Plan Make reduced mortgage payments or no Have time to improve your financial situation and
mortgage payments for a specific period of time. | get back on your feet.

Modification Receive modified terms of your mortgage to Permanently modifies your mortgage so that your

make it more affordable or manageable after
successfully making payments during a "trial
period" (that is, completing a three- or
four-month trial period plan) that approximate
the modified payment.

payments or terms are more manageable as a
permanent solution to a long-term or permanent
hardship.

Short Sale Sell your home and pay off a portion of your Allows you to transition out of your home without
mortgage balance when you owe more on the going through foreclosure. In some cases,
home than it is worth. relocation assistance may be available.
Mortgage Release Transfer the ownership of your property to us. Allows you to transition out of your home without
(Deed-in-Lieu of going through foreclosure. In some cases,
Foreclosure) relocation assistance may be available.
We Want to Help

Take action and gain peace of mind and control of your situation. Complete and return the Loss Mitigation Application to

start the process of getting the help you need now.

Page 2 of 5
February 2024

©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, @) Equa! Housing Lender


De i 2/1 £202: 13 AM
Sate cba“ Birch
Docket Number

Frequently Asked Questions

For Your Information Only - Do Not Return with Your Loss Mitigation Application

1. Why Did I Receive this Package?
You received this package because you have either requested loss mitigation assistance, or because we have not
received one or more of your monthly mortgage payments and want to help you keep your home if at all possible.
By completing this package, we can work together at exploring options that may help resolve any temporary or
long-term financial challenge you face in making your mortgage payments.

2. Where Can I Find More Information on Foreclosure Prevention?

Please see the Avoiding Foreclosure enclosure in this package for more information, or you can call us at
(800)393-4887.

3. What if | Don’t Want to Stay in My Home Anymore?
You may have good reasons for needing to leave your property, such as a job relocation, a divorce, financial hardship
due to the death of a borrower, or some other reason preventing you from keeping your property. If you intend to
transition out of your home, please indicate that you want to sell or vacate the property on page 2 of the attached
Loss Mitigation Application and we may first evaluate you for a short sale or Mortgage Release (deed-in-lieu of
foreclosure). Even if you are approved for one of those workout solutions, we may consider you for a mortgage loan
modification.

4. Willit Cost Money to Get Help?
There should never be a fee from your servicer or qualified counselor to obtain assistance or information about
foreclosure prevention options. However, foreclosure prevention has become a target for scam artists. Be wary of
companies or individuals offering to help you for a fee, and never send a mortgage payment to any company other
than the one listed on your monthly mortgage statement or one designated to receive your payments under a state
assistance program.

vl

What Happens Once | Have Sent the Loss Mitigation Application to You?
We will send you a written notice within five business days of our receipt of your Loss Mitigation Application to
confirm that we have received your package and will review it to determine whether it is complete or incomplete. If
we determine there is missing information or documentation, we also will send you an incomplete information
notice. We cannot guarantee that you will receive any (or a particular type of) assistance.

Within 30 days of receipt of a complete Loss Mitigation Application, we will let you know which foreclosure
alternatives, if any, are available to you and will inform you of your next steps to accept our offer. However, if we
receive your complete Loss Mitigation Application 37 calendar days or less before a scheduled foreclosure sale date,
we will strive to process your request as quickly as possible, but you may not receive a notice of incompleteness or a
decision on your request prior to sale. Please submit your Loss Mitigation Application as soon as possible.

6. What Happens to My Mortgage While You Are Evaluating My Loss Mitigation Application?
You remain obligated to make all mortgage payments as they come due, even while we are evaluating the types of
assistance that may be available.

7. Will the Foreclosure Process Begin if | Do Not Respond to this Letter?
Depending on the status of your loan if you do not respond to this letter, we may refer your loan to foreclosure in
accordance with your mortgage loan documents and applicable law.

8. Should | Still Contact You if | Have Waited Too Long and My Property Has Been Referred to an Attorney for
Foreclosure?
Yes, the sooner the better!

62024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Albrights reserved, @Y Equal Housing Lender Page 3 of 5
February 2024


Salada 18/1/4026 is AM

Superidr Court -

lymoutt

Docket Number

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS continued

9.

10,

11,

12.

13,

14.

What if My Property is Scheduled for a Foreclosure Sale in the Future?

If we receive a complete Loss Mitigation Application 37 calendar days or less before a scheduled foreclosure sale,
there is no guarantee we can evaluate you for a foreclosure alternative in time to stop the foreclosure sale. Even if
we are able to approve you for a foreclosure alternative prior to a sale, a court with jurisdiction over the foreclosure
proceeding (if any) or public official charged with carrying out the sale may not halt the scheduled sale.

Will My Property be Sold at a Foreclosure Sale if | Accept a Foreclosure Alternative?
No. The property will not be sold at a foreclosure sale if you accept an offer for an alternative to foreclosure and
comply with all requirements.

Will My Credit Report Be Affected by My Late Payments or Being in Default?

The delinquency status of your loan will continue to be reported to credit reporting agencies as well as your entry into
a Repayment Plan, Forbearance Plan, or Trial Period Plan in accordance with the requirements of the Fair Credit
Reporting Act and the Consumer Data Industry Association requirements.

Will My Credit Score Be Affected if | Accept a Foreclosure Prevention Option?

While the effect on your credit will depend on your individual credit history, credit scoring companies generally would
consider your entry into a plan with reduced payments as increasing your credit risk. As a result, entering into a plan
with reduced payments may adversely affect your credit score, particularly if you are current on your mortgage or
otherwise have a good credit score. However, bringing your loan current through a reinstatement, Repayment Plan, or
loan modification and continuing to make timely payments may improve your credit score over time.

Is Foreclosure Prevention Counseling Available?
Yes, HUD-approved counselors are available to provide you with the information and assistance you may need to
avoid foreclosure. You can use the search tool at hud.gov/offices/hsg/sfh/hcc/fc/ to find a counselor near you.

| Have Seen Ads and Flyers From Companies Offering to Help Me Avoid Foreclosure for a Fee. Are These
Companies on the Level?

Foreclosure prevention has become a target for scam artists. We suggest using the HUD website referenced in
question 13 to locate a counselor near you. Also, please refer to the enclosed "Beware of Foreclosure Rescue
Scams" document for more information.

62024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Albrights reserved, @Y Equal Housing Lender Page 4 of 5
February 2024


De i 1/2025 1))43 AM
one cde Bhatt
Docket Number

BEWARE OF FORECLOSURE RESCUE SCAMS - TIPS & WARNING SIGNS

For Your Information Only - Do Not Return with Your Loss Mitigation Application

Scam artists are stealing millions of dollars from distressed homeowners by promising immediate relief from
foreclosure, or demanding cash for counseling services when HUD-approved counseling agencies provide the same
services for FREE. If you receive an offer, information or advice that sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Don't let
them take advantage of you, your situation, your house or your money. Remember, help is FREE.

How to Spot a Scam - beware of a company or person who:
Asks for a fee in advance to work with your lender to modify, refinance, or reinstate your mortgage.
Guarantees they can stop a foreclosure or get your loan modified.
Advises you to stop paying your mortgage company and pay them instead.
Pressures you to sign over the deed to your home or sign any paperwork that you haven't had a chance to read or
don't fully understand.

Claims to offer "government-approved" or “official government" loan modifications.

Asks you to release personal financial information online or over the phone and you have not been working with
this person and/or do not know them.

How to Report a Scam - do one of the following:

® Call (888) 995-HOPE (4673) and tell the counselor about your situation and that you believe you got scammed or
know of a scam.

& Call the Federal Trade Commission at (877) 382-4357 to report the suspected scam.

i Contact your state’s attorney general. Visit naag.org/attorneys_general.php to find the attorney general for
your state.

© Contact your state’s Consumer Protection Offices. Visit usa.gov/state-consumer to find the Consumer
Protection Offices for your state.

The Loan Modification Scam Prevention Network is a national coalition of governmental
and private organizations led by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, NeighborWorks America™
and the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.

©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, @) Equa! Housing Lender Page 5 of 5
February 2024


cuedded 12/1 raat AM

Superi

Docket Number

Loss Mitigation Application

If you are having mortgage payment challenges, please complete and submit this application, along with the required
documentation, via mail to: Loss Mitigation Department, W-110-2, 5151 Corporate Dr., Troy, MI 48098, online:
FLAGSTAR.COM/MYLOANS or fax: (866) 234-9845. We will contact you within five business days to acknowledge receipt and |
you know if you need to send additional information or documents. Please include your loan number on all pages submitted fot
review.

We will use the information you provide to help us identify the assistance you may be eligible to receive. If you need help
completing this application, please call us at (800)393-4887.

For a list of HUD-approved housing counseling agencies that can provide foreclosure prevention information, contact one of the
following federal government agencies:

The U.S, Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) at (800) 569-4287 or hud.gov/counseling.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) at (855) 411-2372 or consumerfinance.gov/mortgagehelp.

If you need assistance with translation or other language assistance, HUD-approved housing counseling agencies may be able to
assist you. These services are provided without charge.

Borrower Information

Borrower's Name:

Social Security Number (Last 4 Digits):

Email Address:

Primary Phone Number: OCell OHome OWork (Other

Alternate Phone Number: OCell OHome OwWork UO Other

Co-Borrower'’s Name:

Social Security Number (Last 4 Digits):

Email Address:

Primary Phone Number: OCell OHome OWork (Other

Alternate Phone Number: OCell OHome OwWork 1 Other

Preferred Contact Method (Choose All That Apply): 01 Cell phone OHomephone OWorkphone 1 Email

Is either borrower on active duty with the military (including the National Guard and Reserves), the dependent of a borrower
on active duty, or the surviving spouse of a member of the military who was on active duty at the time of death? 0 Yes 01 No

Non-Borrower Contributor Informa

If a non-borrower :

* has agreed to include their income in the review of this Loss Mitigation Application,
¢ will use their income to contribute toward the mortgage payment, AND
* occupies the property as their primary residence

this section must be completed, the non-borrower contributor’s financial information must be provided where
indicated throughout the application, and the non-borrower contributor must sign the Borrower, Co-Borrower, and
Non-Borrower Contributor Certification and Agreement.

Non-Borrower Contributor’s Name:

Full Social Security Number: Date of Birth:
What percentage of your income will you contribute to household expenses and mortgage payments: %
Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac ©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, GY Equal Housing Lender Page 1 of S

Form 710 February 2024


cede 43/1/2025 1p) 13 AM
oh Ea Nn

Property Information

Property Address Street:
City: State: ZIP Code:

Mailing Address (If Different From the Property Address)
Street:
City: State: ZIP Code:

¢ The property is currently: D1 A primary residence DO Asecondhome LC An investment property
¢ The property is (select all that apply): [1 Owner occupied  Renteroccupied 1 Vacant

¢ Is the property subject to condominium or homeowners association (HOA) fees? _O Yes 0 No-'f yes, provide the
most-recent HOA statement along with the other required documentation requested in this application.

© |wantto: O Keep the property C1 Sell the property 0 Transfer ownership of the property to the servicer [I Undecided
e Is the property listed for sale? O1 Yes 0 No-If yes, please refer to the Short Sale Information section below.

Short Sale Information

Ashort sale is an option that permits the sale of your property for less than the balance remaining on your mortgage
loan. If you are interested in pursuing this option, and have your property listed for sale, please provide the information
listed below along with the other required documentation requested in this application based on your current
situation.

1ON

REQUIRED DOCUMEN

Property Listed—Offer Not Received e = Active MLS
Active Listing Agreement
Third Party Authorization Form

.

Active MLS

Active Listing Agreement

Third Party Authorization Form

Purchase Agreement (30+ Days to Closing)

Preliminary Closing Disclosure (HUD-1) (30+ Days to Closing)
Buyer’s Pre-Approval (30+ Days to Closing)

Buyer’s Articles of Incorporation (If Applicable)

Property Listed—Offer Received

eee eenee

Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac
Form 710

Page 2 of S

92024 Flagstar Bank, NA. All rights reserved, @Y Equal Housing Lender February 2024


De
Si

uperi

aie Ailes 44" Roel al

Docket Number

O Short-term (under 6 months).
1 Long-term or permanent (greater than 6 months).
O Resolved as of (date) .

HARDSHIP INFORMATION

The hardship causing mortgage payment challenges began on approximately (date)

and is believed to be:

TYPE OF HARDSHIP (CHECK ALL THAT APPLY} QUIRED HARDSHIP DOCUMENTATION

O Unemployment ™@ Asigned and dated written explanation describing the
Actively Seeking Employment? 01 Yes 01 No details of the hardship and any relevant

documentation.

1 Reduction in income: a hardship that has caused a ™@ Asigned and dated written explanation describing the
decrease in your income due to circumstances outside your details of the hardship and any relevant
control (e.g., elimination of overtime, reduction in regular documentation.
working hours, a reduction in base pay)

1 Increase in housing-related expenses: a hardship that has ™@ Asigned and dated written explanation describing the
caused an increase in your housing expenses due to details of the hardship and any relevant
circumstances outside your control (e.g., uninsured losses, documentation.
increased property taxes, HOA special assessment)

0 Disaster (natural or man-made) impacting the property or ™@ = Asigned and dated written explanation describing the
the borrower's place of employment details of the hardship and any relevant

documentation.

1 Long-term or permanent disability, or serious illness of a ™@ Written statement from the borrower, or other
borrower/co-borrower or dependent family member documentation verifying disability or illness.

Note: Detailed medical information is not required,
and information from a medical provider is not
required.

O Divorce or legal separation ™ Final divorce decree or final separation agreement.

™@ Recorded quitclaim deed.

C1 Separation of borrowers unrelated by marriage, civil union, Legally-binding agreement evidencing that the
or similar domestic partnership under applicable law non-occupying borrower or co-borrower has

relinquished all rights to the property.
Recorded quitclaim deed.

01 Death of borrower or death of either the primary or Death certificate.
secondary wage earner

0 Distant employment transfer/relocation ™@ For active duty service members: Permanent Change

of Station (PCS) orders or letter showing transfer.

@ For employment transfers/new employment: A copy
of the signed offer letter or notice from employer
showing transfer to a new location or written
explanation if employer documentation not applicable,
AND

@ Documentation that reflects the amount of any
relocation assistance provided (not required for PCS
orders).

O Other-— hardship that is not covered above: ™@ Asigned and dated written explanation describing the

details of the hardship and any relevant
documentation.

Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac
Form 710

Page 3 of S
February 2024

©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, @) Equa! Housing Lender


Sueded 13/5006 1 ame
sor coe hr

Please enter all borrower and non-borrower contributor income amounts in middle column.

MONTHLY TOTAL APPLICA\ AMOUNT FORALL — REQUIRED INCOME DOCUMENTATION
INCOME TYPE APPLICANTS
Gross (pre-tax) wages, $ ™@ Most-recent pay stub(s) and documentation of year-to-date
salaries and overtime pay, earnings and deductions:
commissions, tips, and bonuses CO Biweekly Pay: Three most-recent paystubs
O Weekly Pay: Five most-recent paystubs
O Semi-monthly Pay: Two most-recent paystubs
C Monthly Pay: most-recent paystub
Self-employment income $ ™ Most-recent signed and dated quarterly or year-to-date
profit/loss statement (business-related income and
expenses only) AND
™@ Three most-recent bank statements corresponding with the
profit/loss statement income amounts AND
™@ Most-recent complete and signed business tax return OR
™ Most-recent complete and signed individual federal income
tax return
Unemployment benefit $ HM Unemployment award letter
Social Security or disability $ ™@ Award letters or other documentation showing the amount
income, pension, death and frequency of the benefits AND
benefits, adoption assistance, ™@ Two most-recent bank statements showing deposit
housing allowance, and other amounts AND
public assistance ™@ = If received on behalf of a minor: Provide the date of birth
for each minor (MM/DD/YYYY)
0 DOB:
o DOB:
o DOB:
Rental income (rents $ ™@ Signed Lease Agreement and most-recent tax returns AND
received, less expenses other ™@ Three most-recent bank statements demonstrating receipt
than mortgage expense) of rent OR
™@ Three most-recent deposited rent checks
Other sources of income not $ ™@ Other documentation showing the amount and frequency
listed above (Note: Only of the income (e.g., divorce decree, child support order)
include alimony, child AND
support, or separate ™@ Two most-recent bank statements showing receipt of
maintenance income if you income
choose to have it considered @ Child Support income only: Provide the date of birth for
for repaying this loan) each child (MM/DD/YYYY)
o DOB:
o DOB:
o DOB:

Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac
Form 710

$2024 Flagstar Bank, NA. Ail rights reserved, TY Equal Housing Lender

Page 4 of 5
February 2024


oc Cavan Ra
Docket Number

Borrower, Co-Borrower, and Non-Borrower Co!

1. I certify and acknowledge that all of the information in this Loss Mitigation Application is truthful, and any hardship |
identified contributed to the need for mortgage relief. Knowingly submitting false information may violate federal
and other applicable law.

2. lagree to provide the servicer with all required documents, including any additional supporting documentation as
requested, and will respond in a timely manner to all servicer or authorized third party* communications.

3. lacknowledge and agree that the servicer is not obligated to offer me assistance based solely on the representations in
this document or other documentation submitted in connection with this request.

4. I consent to the servicer or authorized third party* obtaining a current credit report. Credit reports are required for
borrowers, co-borrowers, and non-borrower contributors.

5. I consent to the disclosure by the servicer, authorized third party,* or any investor/guarantor of the mortgage loan(s),
of any personal information collected during the mortgage assistance process and of any information about any relief
| receive, to any third party that deals with the first lien or subordinate lien (if applicable) mortgage loan(s), including
Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or any investor, insurer, guarantor, or servicer of the mortgage loan(s) or any companies
that provide support services to them, for purposes permitted by applicable law. Personal information may include,
but is not limited to: (a) name, address, telephone number, (b) Social Security number, (c) credit score, (d) income,
and (e) payment history and information about account balances and activity.

6. agree that the terms of this certification and agreement will apply to any modification trial period plan, repayment
plan, or forbearance plan that may be offered based on this application. If | receive an offer for a modification trial
period plan or repayment plan, | agree that the first timely payment under the plan will serve as acceptance of the
plan.

7. lunderstand, acknowledge, and agree that the servicer and other loan participants can use and share tax return
information for purposes of servicing a loan or as otherwise permitted by applicable laws, including state and federal
privacy and data security laws. The servicer includes the servicer’s affiliates, agents, service providers and any of
aforementioned parties’ successors and assigns. The other loan participants include any actual or potential owners
of a loan resulting from the loan application, loss mitigation application, or acquirers of any beneficial or other
interest in the loan, any mortgage insurer, guarantor, any servicers or service providers for these parties and any of
aforementioned parties’ successors and assigns.

8. I consent to being contacted concerning this application for mortgage assistance at any telephone number, including
mobile telephone number, or email address | have provided to the lender, servicer, or authorized third party.*

* An authorized third party may include, but is not limited to, a housing counseling agency, Housing Finance Agency
(HFA) or other similar entity that is assisting me in obtaining a foreclosure prevention alternative.

Borrower Signature: Date:
Co-Borrower Signature: Date:
Non-Borrower Contributor Signature: Date:

Please submit your completed application, together with the required documentation, via mail to: Loss Mitigation
Department, W-110-2, 5151 Corporate Dr., Troy, MI 48098, online: FLAGSTAR.COM/MYLOANS or fax: (866) 234-9845.
We will contact you within five business days to acknowledge receipt and let you know if you need to send additional
information or documents. Please include loan number on all pages submitted for review.

We will use the information you provided to help us identify the assistance you may be eligible to receive.

Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac ©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, GY Equal Housing Lender Page 5 of S
Form 710 February 2024


oe Ce Nc
Docket Number

Loss Mitigation Application—Financial Breakdown

Please include all items you are currently responsible for, even if you are not current on those payments. Some
expense information, such as credit cards and loans, will be obtained from credit reports.

How many people live in the household? (including yourself)
NON-BORROWER

INCOME BORROW! CONTRIBUTOR
Monthly Net Income from $ $ $
Employment
Frequency of Pay Period
Monthly Government Benefits & $ $ $
Insurance Income
Monthly Unemployment Income $ $ $
Monthly Rental Income $ $ $
Monthly Alimony Income $ $ $
Monthly Child Support Income $ $ $
Monthly Net Income from $ $ $
Employment
Other Monthly Income $ $ $
Please describe other below:
Total Monthly Income $ $ $
MONTHLY FAMILY EXPENSES NON-BORROWEI
(OUT OF POCKET) BORROWER CO-BORROWER CONTRIBUTOR
Monthly Auto Maintenance/Gas $ $ $
Monthly Auto Insurance $ $ $
Monthly Food $ $ $
Monthly Medical/Dental (Out of $ $ $
Pocket Costs, Not Premiums)
Monthly Alimony Paid $ $ $
Monthly Child Support Paid $ $ $
Monthly Child Care $ $ $
Monthly Entertainment $ $ $
Other Monthly Family Expenses $ $ $
Please describe other below:
Total Monthly Family Expenses $ $ $

©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, @) Equa! Housing Lender Page 1 of 2

February 2024


caeddee

Superior Ci

Docket Num

13/1/2025 1p) 43

HOME EXPENSE:
ALL RESIDENCES

BORROWER

1 Lien Monthly Payment

CO-BORROWER

NON-BORROWER
CONTRIBUTOR

2" Lien Monthly Payment.

Monthly HOA Dues

$
$
Monthly Rent Payment $
$
$

Monthly Property Taxes & Insurance
{If Not Included in the Payment)

$
$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$
$

Monthly Cable TV/Streaming

Monthly Electricity

Monthly Natural Gas

Monthly Phone/Internet

Monthly Sewer/Water

wlnlanlnlala

Other Monthly Home Expenses
Please describe other below:

uwlalalalala

alalaulalala

Total Primary Residence Ex,

enses $

ASSETS

Property 1

AMOUNT OWED

Property 2

401(k) Accounts

Checking Account(s) & Cash on Hand

Savings, Money Market, & CD Accounts

IRA/Keogh Accounts

Stocks/Bonds (Non-Retirement Accounts)

Other Real Estate

Other Assets
Please describe other below:

wT be |r bo lr bo for bor for

wT be |r bo lr bo for bor for

Borrower Signature Date
Co-Borrower Signature Date
Non-Borrower Contributor Signature Date

$2024 Flagstar Bank, NA. Ail rights reserved, TY Equal Housing Lender

Page 2 of 2
February 2024


Saieddee Ant Pits AM

Superidr Court mouth
Dock@tNaneer "
Form 4506-C Department of the Treasury - Internal Revenue Service OMB Number
(October 2022) IVES Request for Transcript of Tax Return 1545-1872

Do not sign this form unless all applicable tines have been compieted.
Request may be rejected if the form is incomplete or illegibte.
For more information about Form 4506-C, visit www. irs.gov and search VES,

‘Ta. Current name “2a, Spouse's current name (if joint return and transcripts are requested for both taxpayers) |

1 Firstname iL Mid inal” |, Last name/BMF company name 1. Spouse's frst name Ti. Middie initial | lil. Spouse's last name ;

' i

7b. First taxpayer identification number (see instructions) 2b, Spouse's taxpayer identification number (if joint return and transcripts are requested

for both taxpayers) I

|

16, Previous name shown on the last retum fled if different from ine ta 2c. Spouse's previous name shown on the last return fled f different fom line 2a |

i, First name ii, Midale initial Wi, Last name Vi Firstname i. Middle inital [HL Lastname |
|

3. Currant address (including apt, room. or sue no), city, state, and ZIP coda (see instructions)
‘a. Street address (inchuding apt., room, or suite no.) b. City c. State . ZIP code

4, Previous address shown on the last return filed if different from line 3 (see instructions) i
a. Street address {including apt., room, or suite no.} b. City ©. State ZIP code

5a: IVES participant name, 1D number, SOR mailbox ID, and address

|
IVES participant name i IVES participant iD number | til, SOR maibox 1D |
Equifax Workforce Solutions LLC 300005 Equifaxo1 |
iy, Street address (including apt,, room, or suite no.) v. City vi. State Vil. ZIP code |
11432 Lackland Rd. St. Louis Mo 63146 |
Sb. Customer file number (if applicable) (see instructions) Se. Unique identifier (# applicable) (see instructions) '

Sd. Client name, telephone number, and address (this fie! cannot be blank or rot applicable (VA))
1. Client name fi. Telephone number

ili, Street address (including apt.. room, or suite no.) iv. City v. State vi. ZIP code

Caution: This tax trarisctipt is being sent to the third party entered on Line Sa and/or Sd. Ensure that lines 6 through 8 are completed before signing. (see instructions)

6. Transcript requested. Enter the tax form number here (1040, 1065, 1120, etc.) and check the appropriate box below. Enter only one tax form number per request for line 6

transcripts |

|

a Return Transcript [| b. Account Transeript [| ¢, Record of Account [| |
7. Wage and Income transcript (W-2, 1096-£, 1099-G, ete,) Cl |

a. Enter a max ofthree form numbers here; ifno entry is made, all forms will be sent.

Bei the sheckbox tir tornaveris) requastng te waas and iam reaneias  oo tng crocs, Rmnscdetai be proved oro sted mepayare
Line ta CJ Line 2a imal

8, Year or period requested, Enter the ending date of the tax year or period using the mm dd yyyy format (see instructions) i

£ L i i i i i Es |
Caution: Do not sign this form untess all applicable fines have been completed. |

Signature of taxpayer(s). I deciare that | am either the taxpayer whose name is shown on line 4a or, ifapplicable, line 2a, or a person authorized to obtain the tax information |
requested. Ifthe request applies to a joint retum, at least one spouse must sign; however, if both spouses’ names and TINs are listed in lines 1a-1b and 2a-2b, both spouses must |
sign the request. I signed by-a corporate offcer, 1 percent or more shareholder. partner, managing member, guardian, tax matters partner, executor, receiver, administrator, trustee, |
|
|

or party other than the taxpayer, | certify that | have the authority to execute Form 4506-C on behalf of the taxpayer. Note: This form must be received by IRS within 120 days ofthe
signature date,

[21 Signatory attests that he/she has read the above attestation clause and upon $0 reading declares that he/she has the suthaty te sgn the Form 4508-0, See natuctons, |
“TY Signature for Line 1a (see instructions) [Date T Phone number of taxpayer online laor2a
| |

[] Form 4508-C was signed by an Authorized Representative
PrinType name

[7] Signatory confirms document was electronically signed

1
|
|
|
Sign | Title (line 1a above is 8 corporation, partnership, estate, or trust) |
Here |
+
\
i
|

‘Spouse's signature (required ff listed on Line 2a)

|] Form 4506-C was signed by an Authorized Representative TE] Signatory confims document was electronically signed |

Print/Type name t

|

Catalog Number 72627P www its.gov Fom 4506-C (Rev, 10-2022)

For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see page 2.


De i 1/2025 1p}43 AM
Sabena cbt - Bhatt
Docker Number

Instructions for Form 4506-C, IVES Request for Transcript of Tax Return

Section references are to the intemal Revenue Code
unless otherwise noted.

Future Developments

For the latest information about Form 4506-C and its
instructions. go to. www.irs.gov and search IVES.
Information about any recent developments affecting
Form 4506-C (such as legislation enacted after we
released it) will be posted on that page.

What's New. Form 4506-C includes the Client company
requesting transcripts and increased the number of Wage
and Income transcripts requests.

General Instructions

Caution: Do not sign this form unless all applicable tines
have been completed.

Designated Recipient Notification. Section 6103(¢)
limits disclosure and use of return information received
pursuant to the taxpayer's consent and! holds the recipient
Subject to penalties for any unauthorized access, other
use, or redisclosure without the taxpayer's express,
permission or request.

‘Taxpayer Notification. Section 6199(¢) limits disclosure
and use of return information provided pursuant ta your
consent and holds the recipient subject to penalties,
brought by private right of action, for any unauthorized
access, other use, of redisclosure without your express
permission ot request.

Purpose of form. Use Form 4506-C: te request tax return
information through an authorized IVES participant, You
will designate an IVES participant to receive the
information on fine Sa,

Note: if you ate unsute of which type of transcript you
need, check with the patty requesting your tax
information.

Where to file. The IVES patticipant will fax Fort 4508-C
with the approved IVES cover sheet to their assigned
Service Center.

Chart for ordering transcripts

Ifyour assigned Service | Fax the requests with

‘Center Is: the approved
coversheet to:

Austin IVES Team
844-249-6238

Austin Submission:
Processing Center

Kansas City Submission —_| Kanisas City IVES Team

Processing Center 844-249-9128
Ogden Submission Ogden IVES Team
Processing Center

844-249-8129

Specific Instructions

Line tai2a (if spouse is also requested). For IMF
Requests: Enter the First, Middle intial, and Last Name

in the indicated fields. If all characters will not ft, please
enter up to 12 for First name and 22 for Last name. For
BMF Requests: Enter the company name in the Last
Name field. If all characters will not ft, please enter up
10.22,

Line 1bi2b (¥ spouse is atso requested). Enter the social
Security number (SSN) or individual taxpayer identification
number ((TIN) for the individual listed on tine 14 including
the dashes in the correct format, or enter the employer
identification number (EIN) far the business listed on line
‘Ya including the dashes in the correct format.

Line 1c!2¢ (if spouse is also requested). Enter your
previous name as shown on your last filed tax return if
different than tine ta

Line 3. Enter your current address in the indicated

fields. Ifyou use a P.O. Box, include t and the number

in the Current Address fetd.

Line 4, Enter the address shown on the last return filed if
different from the address entered on fine 3.

Note: Ifthe addresses on lines 3 and 4 are different and
you have not changed your address with the IRS, file
Form 8822, Change of Address, or Form 8822-8, Change
of Address or Responsible Party — Business, with Form
4506-C.

Line 5b. Enter up to'10 numeric characters to create «
bnique customer file number that will appear on the
transcript. The customer file number cannot contain an
SSN, ITIN or EIN. Completion of this fine is not required,

Line Se. Enter up to 10 alpha-numeric characters to
create a unique identifier that will show in the mailbox fle
information. The unique identifier cannot contain an SSN,
{TIN or EIN. Completion of this line is not required.

Note. if you use an SSN, we will not input the information
and the customer fle number or unique identifier will
reflect a generic entry of "9999999999",

Line 5d, Enter the Client company name, address, and
phone number in the indicated fields. A Client company
feceives the requested tax transcripts from the IVES
participant. Ifthe IVES patticipant is also the Client
‘company, the IVES participant information should be
entered on Line Sa and Sd. These fields cannot be blank
‘ot Not Applicable (NA).

Line 6. Enter only one tax form number (1040, 1085,
1420, ete.) per request for all line 6 transcripts request
types.

Line Ga. Return Transcript includes most of the line items
of a tax retum as fled with the IRS. A tax return transeript
does not reflect changes made to the account after the
return is processed. Transcripts are only available for the
following retuns: Form 1040 series, Form 1065, Form
1420, Form 1120-H, Form 1120-L, and Forn 1120-8.
Return transcripts are avallabie for the current year and
returns processed during the prior 3 processing years.

Line 6b. Account Transcript contains information on the
financial status of the account, such as payments made
on the account, penalty assessments, and adjustments.
made by you or the IRS after the retum was fled. Return
information is fimited to items such as tax liability and
estimated tex payments. Account trenseripts are available
for most returns.

Line 6¢. Record of Account provides the most detailed
information as it is a combination of the Return Transcript
and the Account Transcript. Available for current year and
3 prior tax years.

Line 7. The IRS can'provide a transcript that includes
data from these information retums: Form W-2, Form
1099 series. Form 1098 series, or Form 5498 series
transcript. Enter up to three information return types. ifno
spacific type is requested, all forms will be provided. State
of local information is not included with the Form W-2
information. The IRS may be able to provide this
transcript information for up'to 10 years. information for
the current year is generally not available until the year
after itis fled with the IRS. For example, Form W-2
information for 2016, filéd in 2017, will likely not be
available from the IRS until 2018. ifyou need Form We2
information for retirement purposes, you should contact
the Social Security Administration at 1-800-772-1213.

Line 8. Enter the end date of the tax year or patiod
requested in mm dd yyy format. This may be a calendar
year, fiscal year or quarter. Enter each quarter requested
for quarterly returns, Example: Enter 12 31 2018 for a
calendar year 2018 Form 1040 transcript.

You must check the box in the signature
A area to acknowledge you have the authorty

to sign and request the information. The form
PeNTEPRY will not be processed if unchecked.
Signature and date. For 4508-C must be signed and
dated by the taxpayer listed on line taand, if listed, 2a.
The IRS must receive Forrn 4506-C within 120 days of
the date signed by the taxpayer or it will be rejected.
Ensure that all applicable lines, including lines 5a through
8, are completed before signing.

Authorized Representative: A representative can sign
Form 4506-C for-a taxpayer ifthe taxpayer has.
specifically delegated this authority to the representative
on Form 2848, line Ga, and Form 2849 is attached to the
Form 4506-C request. If you are Heir at Law, Next of Kin,
oF Berieficiary, you must be able to establish a material
interest in the estate or trust. If Form 4508-C is signed by
a representative, the Authorized Representative check
box must be marked.

Electronic Signature; Only IVES participants that apt in
to the Electronic Signature usage can accept electronic
signatures, Contact the IVES participant for approval and
guidance for electronic signatures. IFthe Form 4508-C is
signed electronically, the Electronic Signature check box
must be marked,

Individuals. Transcripts listed on line 6 may be furnished
to either spouse if jointly filed, Signatures are required for
ail taxpayers listed on Line 1a and 2a.

Comorations. Generally, Form 4506-C can be signed by:

(4) an officer having legal authority to-bind the
corporation, (2) any person designated by:the board of
directors ar other goveming body, or (3) any officer or
‘employes on written request by any principal officer and
attested to by the secretary or tther officer. A bona fide
shareholder of record owning 1 percent or more of the
‘outstanding stock of the corporation ray submit @ Form
-4506-C but must provide documentation to support the
requester's right to receive the information.

Partnerships. Generally, Form 4506-C can be signed by
any person who was @ member ofthe partnership during
any part of the tax period requested on line 8.

All others, See section 6103¢e) if the taxpayer has died,
is insolvent, is a dissolved corporation, or if trustee,
guardian, executor, receiver, or administrator is acting for
the taxpayer

Documentation. For entities other than individuals, you
must attach the authorization document. For example,
this could be the letter from the principal officer
authorizing an employee of the corporation or the letters
testamentary authorizing an individual to act for an estate.

Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. We
ask for the information on this form to establish your right
to gain access to the requested tax. information under the
Internal Revenue Code. We need this information to
properly identify the tax information and respond to your
Tequest. You até not required to request any transcript: if
you do request a transcript, sections 6103 and 6109 and
their regulations require you to provide this information,
including your SSN or EIN. If you do not provide this
information, we may not be able to process your request.
Providing false or fraudulent information may subject you
to-penatties,

Routine uses of this information include giving it to the
Department of Justice for civil and criminal litigation, and
cities, states, the District of Columbia, and U.S.
commonwealths and possessions for use in administering
their tax laws. We may also disclose this information to
other countries under a tax treaty, to federal and state
agencies to enforce federal nontax criminal laws, of to
federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies to
‘combat terrorism.

‘You ate not required to provide the information requested
on a form that is subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act
unless the form displays valid OMB control number,
Books or records relating to a form or its instructions must
bbe retained as long as their contents may become
material in the administration of any intemal Revenue
law. Generally, tax retums and return information are
confidential, as-required by section 6103.

The time needed to complete and fle Form 4506-C will

vary depending on individual ciccumstances. The
‘estimated average time is:

Learning about the faw or the form . 10 min.
Preparing the form yon 92 min
Copying, assembling, and sending

the form to the IRS 20 min:

Ifyou have cornments concerning the accuracy of these
time estimates or suggestions for making Form 4508-C
simpler, we would be happy to hear from you. You can
verite to:

Internal Revenue Service

‘Tax Forms and Publications Division

4114 Constitution Ave. NW, IR-6526

Washington, DC 20224

Do not send the form to this address. Instead, see Where
fo fle on this page.

Catalog Number 72627P

wwwirs.gov

Fom4506-C (Rev, 10-2022)


Stetdecoan Phmouth

Docket Number » THIRD-PARTY AUTHORIZATION FORM

Complete and sign this Third Party Authorization form to authorize someone other than yourself to access your Mortgage
Loan Account information. IMPORTANT: Once completed and signed, please mail or fax to:
Mail: Attention: Third Party Authorization | E-115-3 | 5151 Corporate Drive | Troy, MI 48098 Fax: 888-848-1071

Please PRINT

Section 1 - Your Information

First Name. Middle Name Last Name

Last 4 Digits of Social Security Number Best Phone Number

Section 2 - Authorized Third Party

Expiration date for authorization: © Loan maturity or L ... Provide Expiration Date:

(Note: if no date Is selected, the authorize! for two years from the date signed below}

Type of Authorization: Individual Company
Authorization Description: Realtor Attorney
. Appraiser Other:

Name (Pies s not necessary to st individue! nares for a cor iny authorization.)

Address City State Zip

Best Phone Number Fax Email

Section 3 - Your Authorization

The authorized third party can:

Obtain loan details information by telephone

Discuss payment arrangements with the Collections Department

Discuss the Loss Mitigation application process

Submit request to send documents that do not require a fee, such as a Transaction History Ledger, or an Original Appraisal.

(can only be mailed to address of record)

* Submit request to re-send letter/package/document, such as a Monthly Statement, 1098, Escrow Analysis Disclosure,
Rate/Payment, Change Notice, Loan Sale Transfer Notice, etc. (can only be mailed to address of record.)

« Request research to resolve matters.

wees

By signing this form, | authorize the loan servicer to provide loan information regarding the Mortgage Loan Account referenced above
to the Authorized Party or to someone claiming to be the Authorized Party. | understand that this Third Party Authorization allows only
for information to be provided by telephone and the actions described above. The loan servicer may reject this or any other Third
Party Authorization or refuse to recognize any request for information from the Authorized Party. This Third Party Authorization shall
remain in effect until | revoke this authorization or until it expires as indicated above. | or any other borrower on this loan may revoke
this Third Party Authorization at any time in writing via fax or mail.

In the event your loan is transferred to a new servicer, the authorization established by this form will no longer be effective. Our
liability/obligations remain to the customer and the presence of a representative should not create additional direct or derivative
liability for the Bank.

Borrower Signature Date

Co-borrower Signature Date

©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, All rights reserved. GY Equal Housing Lender Rev. 09722


Sueded dane OIE IS AM
Superior

cao foagstar

5151 CORPORATE DR
TROY MI 48098-2639
RETURN SERVICE REQUESTED

S-SFFLAG10 L-DE202R
PL41YV00300041 - 808105090 100842

ENRIQUE JAVIER
37 BIRCH HILL RD
BRIDGEWATER MA 02324

December 18, 2024

Loan #
Property Address:

37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater MA 02324

DE202 A/L 0224


De i 2/1 £202: 13 AM
Sue cba“ Pech
Docket Number

* This is an important notice concerning your right to live in your home. Have it translated at once.

¢ Esta carta explica sus derechos legales para permanecer en su propiedad de vivienda. Por favor
traduzca esta notificacion inmediatamente.

* Este é um aviso importante em relagao ao seu dereito de morar na sua residéncia. Por favor, tem
tradizido imediatamente.

¢ C'est une notification importante concernant votre droit de vivre chez vous. Faites-la traduire
immédiatement.

“WW SS Ee

90-Day Right to Cure Your Mortgage Default

December 18, 2024

Sent Via Certified Mail and First-Class Mail

ENRIQUE JAVIER
37 BIRCH HILL RD
BRIDGEWATER MA 02324

RE: 37 Birch Hill Rd Bridgewater MA 02324; cor itr Lakeview Loan Servicing, Llc, as
mortgagee; Mortgage Broker/Loan Originator, NOT APPLICABLE/JENNIFER MORRISON

To: ENRIQUE JAVIER

We are contacting you because you did not make your monthly loan payments due on 11/1/24, 12/1/24 to
Flagstar Bank, N.A. as servicer. You must pay the past due amount of $6,974.00 on or before March 18,
2025, which is 90 days from the date of this notice. The past due amount on the date of this notice is
specified below:

Current Due Date of Loan: November 01, 2024
Total of all Unpaid Payments: $6,811.66

Total of Unpaid Late Fees: $162.34

Total of Unpaid Other Fees: $0.00

Less - Partial Payment Balance: $0.00

TOTAL DUE: $6,974.00

Unpaid Payment Breakdown:
11/01/24 - $3,405.83
12/01/24 - $3,405.83


De i 2/1 £202: ;13 AM
Sneed “Bien
Docket Number

If you pay the past due amount, and any additional monthly payments, late charges or fees that may
become due between the date of this notice and the date when you make your payment, your account will
be considered up-to-date and you can continue to make your regular monthly payments.

Make your payment directly to:
Payment Processing, P.O. Box 660263, Dallas, TX, 75266-0263.

Please consider the following:

* You should contact the Homeownership Preservation Foundation (888-995-HOPE) to speak with
counselors who can provide assistance and may be able to help you work with your lender to avoid
foreclosure.

e If you are a MassHousing borrower, you may also contact MassHousing (888-843-6432) to
determine if you are eligible for additional assistance. There may be other homeownership
assistance available through your lender or servicer.

e You may also contact the Division of Banks (617-956-1500) or visit www.mass.gov/foreclosures to
find a foreclosure prevention program near you.

e After March 18, 2025, you can still avoid foreclosure by paying the total past due amount before a
foreclosure sale takes place. Depending on the terms of the loan, there may also be other ways to
avoid foreclosure, such as selling your property, refinancing your loan, or voluntarily transferring
ownership of the property to Lakeview Loan Servicing, Llc.

If you do not pay the total past due amount of $6,974.00 and any additional payments that may become
due by March 18, 2025, you may be evicted from your home after a foreclosure sale. If Lakeview Loan
Servicing, Lic forecloses on this property, it means the mortgagee or a new buyer will take over the
ownership of your home.

If you have questions, or disagree with the calculation of your past due balance, please contact Flagstar
Bank at (800)393-4887 Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 9 p.m. ET, or Collections Department W-110-2,
5151 Corporate Drive, Troy, MI 48098.

Sincerely,
Bella Kharson

Collections Department
Flagstar Bank, N.A.

Enclosed with this notice, there may be additional important disclosures related to applicable laws and
requirements that you should carefully review.


De i 2/1€202: 13 AM
Sneed“ Birch
Docket Number

* This is an important notice concerning your right to live in your home. Have it translated at once.

¢ Esta carta explica sus derechos legales para permanecer en su propiedad de vivienda. Por favor
traduzca esta notificacion inmediatamente.

« Este é um aviso importante em relacao ao seu dereito de morar na sua residéncia. Por favor, tem
tradizido imediatamente.

* C'est une notification importante concernant votre droit de vivre chez vous. Faites-la traduire
immédiatement.

RIGHT TO REQUEST A MODIFIED MORTGAGE LOAN
December 18, 2024

Sent Via Certified Mail and First Class Mail

ENRIQUE JAVIER
37 BIRCH HILL RD
BRIDGEWATER MA 02324

RE: 37 Birch Hill Rd Bridgewater MA 02324; car ith Lakeview Loan Servicing, Llc, as
mortgagee.

To: ENRIQUE JAVIER

We are contacting you because our records indicate that you are eligible to request a modification of your
mortgage with Flagstar Bank, N.A. If you want to request a loan modification or other foreclosure
alternative option, you must complete and return the enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form along
with any supporting information no later than January 17, 2025. The Mortgage Modification Options form
and any supporting documents must be returned by certified mail or similar service to Flagstar Bank as
servicer. We will respond to your request within 30 days of its receipt.

Please be aware this notice of the Right to Request a Modified Mortgage Loan is different from the Right to
Cure Your Mortgage Default notice that you may have already received. The enclosed Mortgage
Modification Options form provides you with four choices. These choices impact the options under the
Right to Cure notice and should be carefully considered. \f you do not want to request a loan modification,
you must still return the enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form. Please keep a copy of everything
you send to us and keep proof of mailing the materials to us.

If you do not return the enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form and a completed loan
modification application by January 17, 2025, your right to cure your mortgage default will end on
March 18, 2025.

If you have questions, please contact Flagstar Bank at (800)393-4887 Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 9
p.m. ET, or Collections Department, W-110-2, 5151 Corporate Drive, Troy MI 48098. If you would like
assistance from the Attorney General’s Office, you may contact the HomeCorps hotline at (617) 573-5333
to speak with a loan modification specialist who can assist you. We suggest you mention this notice when
you call.

Sincerely,

Bella Kharson

Collections Department
Flagstar Bank, N.A.

Enclosed with this notice, there may be additional important disclosures related to applicable laws and
requirements that you should carefully review.


De i 2/1202: 13 AM
Sneha“ Pine
Docket Number

MORTGAGE MODIFICATION OPTIONS

You must return this form in the enclosed envelope by January 17, 2025.

ENRIQUE JAVIER
37 BIRCH HILL RD
BRIDGEWATER MA 02324

RE: 37 Birch Hill Rd Bridgewater MA 02324; loan

To: ENRIQUE JAVIER

You must check one of the following boxes to notify Flagstar Bank ,N.A. of how you would like to
proceed.

OI would like to request a loan modification. | have attached a complete statement of my income
and list of assets, total debts and obligations as requested by the creditor in the form(s) which
accompanied the Right to Request a Modified Mortgage Loan Notice. | maintain my right to a 90
day period to cure my mortgage default.

OI would like to request a different foreclosure alternative such as a short sale or deed-in-lieu of
foreclosure. | maintain my right to a 90 day period to cure my mortgage default.

O_sIdo not want to request a loan modification or any foreclosure alternative. | maintain my right to
a 90 day period to cure my mortgage default.

OI want to waive my right to cure the default on my mortgage loan and proceed to foreclosure. |
understand that by choosing this option I waive the remaining time, if any, of my right to cure
period.

Borrower Name Date

Borrower Telephone Number


De i 2/1202: ;13 AM
Sue cba“ Bineeh

Docket Number

This page intentionally left blank


De i 2/1622: 13 AM
Sate cba“ Birch
Docket Number

Loss Mitigation Application Homeowner Checklist

For Your Information Only - Do Not Return with your Loss Mitigation Application

GET STARTED - use this checklist to ensure you have completed all required forms and have the right information.

Step 1 QO Review the information provided to help you understand your options, responsibilities, and next steps:
Q_ Avoiding Foreclosure O Frequently Asked Questions Q Beware of Foreclosure Rescue Scams

Step 2 1 Complete and sign the enclosed Loss Mitigation Application.Must be signed by all borrowers on the mortgage _
(notarization is not required) and must include:
Q  Allincome, expenses, and assets for each borrower.
Q Anexplanation of the financial hardship that makes it difficult to pay the mortgage.
Q_ Your acknowledgment and agreement that all information that you provide is true and accurate.
Step 3 U) Complete and sign a dated copy of the enclosed IRS 4506-C Form.
Q_ For each borrower, please submit a signed, dated copy of IRS 4506-C Form.

Q_ For borrowers who filed their tax returns jointly, please submit one IRS 4506-C Form signed and dated by
both joint filers.

Step 4 [ay Provide the required Hardship Documentation that will be used to verify your hardship.

Q Follow the instructions set forth on the Loss Mitigation Application Form (enclosed).

Step 5 QO Provide required Income Documentation. This documentation will be used to verify your hardship and all of 7
your income (Notice: Alimony, child support, or separate maintenance income does not need to be revealed if
you choose not to have it considered for repaying this loan).

Q_ Follow the instructions set forth on the Loss Mitigation Application Form (enclosed).

Q You may also disclose any income from a household member who is not on the promissory note (non-
borrower contributor), such as a relative, spouse, domestic partner, or fiancé who occupies the property
as a primary residence. If you elect to disclose and rely upon this income to qualify, the required income
documentation is the same as the income documentation required for a borrower. See Page 4 of the Loss
Mitigation Application Form for specific details on income documentation.

Step 6 0) Gather and send completed documents (signed and dated)—your Loss Mitigation Application.

You must send in all required documentation listed in steps 2-4 above, and summarized below:

Loss Mitigation Application Form (enclosed).

Hardship Documentation as outlined on Page 3 of the Loss Mitigation Application Form (enclosed).

Income Documentation as outlined on Page 4 of the Loss Mitigation Application Form (enclosed).

Detailed Loss Mitigation Application—Financial Breakdown Form (enclosed).

IRS 4506-C Form (enclosed).

Optional: Third Party Authorization (enclosed).

Please send all documents above to us using any of the methods below:
By Mai Online: Toll-Free Fax:
Loss Mitigation W-110-2 FLAGSTAR.COM/MYLOANS (866) 234-9845
5151 Corporate Drive
Troy, MI 48098

| IMPORTANT REMINDERS:

Os Ifyou cannot provide the documentation within the time frame provided, have other types of income not specified
on Page 4 of the Loss Mitigation Application, cannot locate some or all of the required documents, OR have any
questions, please call us at (800)393-4887, Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 9 p.m. ET.

O Keep a copy of all documents and proof of mailing/submission for your records. Don't send original income or
hardship documents. Copies are acceptable.

O You can complete the loss mitigation application conveniently online through your account
(FLAGSTAR.COM/MYLOANS) .

Questions? Call us at (800)393-4887

62024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Albrights reserved, @Y Equal Housing Lender Page 1 of S
February 2024



De i 2/1202: 13 AM
Sneed “Birch
Docket Number

For Your Information Only - Do Not Return with Your Loss Mitigation Application

Information on Avoiding Foreclosure

Mortgage Programs Are Available to Help
There are a variety of programs available to help you resolve your delinquency and keep your home. You may be eligible
to refinance or modify your mortgage to make your payments and terms more manageable, for instance, lowering your
monthly payment to make it more affordable. Or, if you have missed a few payments, you may qualify for a temporary (or
permanent) solution to help you get your finances back on track. Depending on your circumstances, staying in your home
may not be possible. In this case, a short sale or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure may be a better choice than foreclosure — see
the table below for more information:

Refinance Receive a new loan with lower interest rate or Makes your payment or terms more affordable.
other favorable terms.

Reinstatement Pay the total outstanding payments owed, in a Allows you to avoid foreclosure by bringing your
lump sum, by a specific date. This may follow a mortgage current if you can show you have funds
forbearance plan as described below. that will become available at a specific date in the

future.

Repayment Plan Pay back your past-due payments together with _| Allows you time to catch up on late payments
your regular payments over an extended period without having to come up with a lump sum.
of time.

Forbearance Plan Make reduced mortgage payments or no Have time to improve your financial situation and
mortgage payments for a specific period of time. | get back on your feet.

Modification Receive modified terms of your mortgage to Permanently modifies your mortgage so that your

make it more affordable or manageable after
successfully making payments during a "trial
period" (that is, completing a three- or
four-month trial period plan) that approximate
the modified payment.

payments or terms are more manageable as a
permanent solution to a long-term or permanent
hardship.

Short Sale Sell your home and pay off a portion of your Allows you to transition out of your home without
mortgage balance when you owe more on the going through foreclosure. In some cases,
home than it is worth. relocation assistance may be available.
Mortgage Release Transfer the ownership of your property to us. Allows you to transition out of your home without
(Deed-in-Lieu of going through foreclosure. In some cases,
Foreclosure) relocation assistance may be available.
We Want to Help

Take action and gain peace of mind and control of your situation. Complete and return the Loss Mitigation Application to

start the process of getting the help you need now.

Page 2 of 5
February 2024

©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, @) Equa! Housing Lender


De i 2/1 £202: 13 AM
Sate cba“ Birch
Docket Number

Frequently Asked Questions

For Your Information Only - Do Not Return with Your Loss Mitigation Application

1. Why Did I Receive this Package?
You received this package because you have either requested loss mitigation assistance, or because we have not
received one or more of your monthly mortgage payments and want to help you keep your home if at all possible.
By completing this package, we can work together at exploring options that may help resolve any temporary or
long-term financial challenge you face in making your mortgage payments.

2. Where Can I Find More Information on Foreclosure Prevention?

Please see the Avoiding Foreclosure enclosure in this package for more information, or you can call us at
(800)393-4887.

3. What if | Don’t Want to Stay in My Home Anymore?
You may have good reasons for needing to leave your property, such as a job relocation, a divorce, financial hardship
due to the death of a borrower, or some other reason preventing you from keeping your property. If you intend to
transition out of your home, please indicate that you want to sell or vacate the property on page 2 of the attached
Loss Mitigation Application and we may first evaluate you for a short sale or Mortgage Release (deed-in-lieu of
foreclosure). Even if you are approved for one of those workout solutions, we may consider you for a mortgage loan
modification.

4. Willit Cost Money to Get Help?
There should never be a fee from your servicer or qualified counselor to obtain assistance or information about
foreclosure prevention options. However, foreclosure prevention has become a target for scam artists. Be wary of
companies or individuals offering to help you for a fee, and never send a mortgage payment to any company other
than the one listed on your monthly mortgage statement or one designated to receive your payments under a state
assistance program.

vl

What Happens Once | Have Sent the Loss Mitigation Application to You?
We will send you a written notice within five business days of our receipt of your Loss Mitigation Application to
confirm that we have received your package and will review it to determine whether it is complete or incomplete. If
we determine there is missing information or documentation, we also will send you an incomplete information
notice. We cannot guarantee that you will receive any (or a particular type of) assistance.

Within 30 days of receipt of a complete Loss Mitigation Application, we will let you know which foreclosure
alternatives, if any, are available to you and will inform you of your next steps to accept our offer. However, if we
receive your complete Loss Mitigation Application 37 calendar days or less before a scheduled foreclosure sale date,
we will strive to process your request as quickly as possible, but you may not receive a notice of incompleteness or a
decision on your request prior to sale. Please submit your Loss Mitigation Application as soon as possible.

6. What Happens to My Mortgage While You Are Evaluating My Loss Mitigation Application?
You remain obligated to make all mortgage payments as they come due, even while we are evaluating the types of
assistance that may be available.

7. Will the Foreclosure Process Begin if | Do Not Respond to this Letter?
Depending on the status of your loan if you do not respond to this letter, we may refer your loan to foreclosure in
accordance with your mortgage loan documents and applicable law.

8. Should | Still Contact You if | Have Waited Too Long and My Property Has Been Referred to an Attorney for
Foreclosure?
Yes, the sooner the better!

62024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Albrights reserved, @Y Equal Housing Lender Page 3 of 5
February 2024


Salada 18/1/4026 is AM

Superidr Court -

lymoutt

Docket Number

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS continued

9.

10,

11,

12.

13,

14.

What if My Property is Scheduled for a Foreclosure Sale in the Future?

If we receive a complete Loss Mitigation Application 37 calendar days or less before a scheduled foreclosure sale,
there is no guarantee we can evaluate you for a foreclosure alternative in time to stop the foreclosure sale. Even if
we are able to approve you for a foreclosure alternative prior to a sale, a court with jurisdiction over the foreclosure
proceeding (if any) or public official charged with carrying out the sale may not halt the scheduled sale.

Will My Property be Sold at a Foreclosure Sale if | Accept a Foreclosure Alternative?
No. The property will not be sold at a foreclosure sale if you accept an offer for an alternative to foreclosure and
comply with all requirements.

Will My Credit Report Be Affected by My Late Payments or Being in Default?

The delinquency status of your loan will continue to be reported to credit reporting agencies as well as your entry into
a Repayment Plan, Forbearance Plan, or Trial Period Plan in accordance with the requirements of the Fair Credit
Reporting Act and the Consumer Data Industry Association requirements.

Will My Credit Score Be Affected if | Accept a Foreclosure Prevention Option?

While the effect on your credit will depend on your individual credit history, credit scoring companies generally would
consider your entry into a plan with reduced payments as increasing your credit risk. As a result, entering into a plan
with reduced payments may adversely affect your credit score, particularly if you are current on your mortgage or
otherwise have a good credit score. However, bringing your loan current through a reinstatement, Repayment Plan, or
loan modification and continuing to make timely payments may improve your credit score over time.

Is Foreclosure Prevention Counseling Available?
Yes, HUD-approved counselors are available to provide you with the information and assistance you may need to
avoid foreclosure. You can use the search tool at hud.gov/offices/hsg/sfh/hcc/fc/ to find a counselor near you.

| Have Seen Ads and Flyers From Companies Offering to Help Me Avoid Foreclosure for a Fee. Are These
Companies on the Level?

Foreclosure prevention has become a target for scam artists. We suggest using the HUD website referenced in
question 13 to locate a counselor near you. Also, please refer to the enclosed "Beware of Foreclosure Rescue
Scams" document for more information.

62024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Albrights reserved, @Y Equal Housing Lender Page 4 of 5
February 2024


De i 1/2025 1))43 AM
one cde Bhatt
Docket Number

BEWARE OF FORECLOSURE RESCUE SCAMS - TIPS & WARNING SIGNS

For Your Information Only - Do Not Return with Your Loss Mitigation Application

Scam artists are stealing millions of dollars from distressed homeowners by promising immediate relief from
foreclosure, or demanding cash for counseling services when HUD-approved counseling agencies provide the same
services for FREE. If you receive an offer, information or advice that sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Don't let
them take advantage of you, your situation, your house or your money. Remember, help is FREE.

How to Spot a Scam - beware of a company or person who:
Asks for a fee in advance to work with your lender to modify, refinance, or reinstate your mortgage.
Guarantees they can stop a foreclosure or get your loan modified.
Advises you to stop paying your mortgage company and pay them instead.
Pressures you to sign over the deed to your home or sign any paperwork that you haven't had a chance to read or
don't fully understand.

Claims to offer "government-approved" or “official government" loan modifications.

Asks you to release personal financial information online or over the phone and you have not been working with
this person and/or do not know them.

How to Report a Scam - do one of the following:

® Call (888) 995-HOPE (4673) and tell the counselor about your situation and that you believe you got scammed or
know of a scam.

& Call the Federal Trade Commission at (877) 382-4357 to report the suspected scam.

i Contact your state’s attorney general. Visit naag.org/attorneys_general.php to find the attorney general for
your state.

© Contact your state’s Consumer Protection Offices. Visit usa.gov/state-consumer to find the Consumer
Protection Offices for your state.

The Loan Modification Scam Prevention Network is a national coalition of governmental
and private organizations led by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, NeighborWorks America™
and the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.

©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, @) Equa! Housing Lender Page 5 of 5
February 2024


De
Si

uperi

Docket Number

Loss Mitigation Application

If you are having mortgage payment challenges, please complete and submit this application, along with the required
documentation, via mail to: Loss Mitigation Department, W-110-2, 5151 Corporate Dr., Troy, MI 48098, online:
FLAGSTAR.COM/MYLOANS or fax: (866) 234-9845. We will contact you within five business days to acknowledge receipt and |
you know if you need to send additional information or documents. Please include your loan number on all pages submitted fot
review.

We will use the information you provide to help us identify the assistance you may be eligible to receive. If you need help
completing this application, please call us at (800)393-4887.

For a list of HUD-approved housing counseling agencies that can provide foreclosure prevention information, contact one of the
following federal government agencies:

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) at (800) 569-4287 or hud.gov/counseling.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) at (855) 411-2372 or consumerfinance.gov/mortgagehelp.

If you need assistance with translation or other language assistance, HUD-approved housing counseling agencies may be able to
assist you. These services are provided without charge.

Borrower Information

Borrower's Name:

Social Security Number (Last 4 Digits):

Email Address:

Primary Phone Number: OCell OHome OWork 1 Other

Alternate Phone Number: OCell OHome OwWork UO Other

Co-Borrower'’s Name:

Social Security Number (Last 4 Digits):

Email Address:

Primary Phone Number: OCell OHome OWork (Other

Alternate Phone Number: OCell OHome OwWork 1 Other

Preferred Contact Method (Choose All That Apply): 01 Cell phone OHomephone OWorkphone 1 Email

Is either borrower on active duty with the military (including the National Guard and Reserves), the dependent of a borrower
on active duty, or the surviving spouse of a member of the military who was on active duty at the time of death? 0 Yes 01 No

Non-Borrower Contributor Informa

If a non-borrower :

* has agreed to include their income in the review of this Loss Mitigation Application,
¢ will use their income to contribute toward the mortgage payment, AND
© occupies the property as their primary residence

this section must be completed, the non-borrower contributor’s financial information must be provided where
indicated throughout the application, and the non-borrower contributor must sign the Borrower, Co-Borrower, and
Non-Borrower Contributor Certification and Agreement.

Non-Borrower Contributor’s Name:

Full Social Security Number: Date of Birth:
What percentage of your income will you contribute to household expenses and mortgage payments: %
Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac ©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, GY Equal Housing Lender Page 1 of S

Form 710 February 2024


Dat fied 12/1/2025 19) 13 AM
aC |

Property Information

Property Address Street:
City: State: ZIP Code:

Mailing Address (If Different From the Property Address)
Street:
City: State: ZIP Code:

e The property is currently: 1 A primary residence OAsecondhome LC An investment property
¢ The property is (select all that apply): [1 Owner occupied Renter occupied 1 Vacant

¢ Is the property subject to condominium or homeowners association (HOA) fees? _O Yes 0 No-'f yes, provide the
most-recent HOA statement along with the other required documentation requested in this application.

e |wantto: O Keep the property C1 Sell the property 0 Transfer ownership of the property to the servicer [I Undecided
e Is the property listed for sale? O1 Yes 0 No-If yes, please refer to the Short Sale Information section below.

Short Sale Information

Ashort sale is an option that permits the sale of your property for less than the balance remaining on your mortgage
loan. If you are interested in pursuing this option, and have your property listed for sale, please provide the information
listed below along with the other required documentation requested in this application based on your current
situation.

1ON

REQUIRED DOCUMEN

Property Listed—Offer Not Received e = Active MLS
Active Listing Agreement
Third Party Authorization Form

.

Active MLS

Active Listing Agreement

Third Party Authorization Form

Purchase Agreement (30+ Days to Closing)

Preliminary Closing Disclosure (HUD-1) (30+ Days to Closing)
Buyer’s Pre-Approval (30+ Days to Closing)

Buyer’s Articles of Incorporation (If Applicable)

Property Listed—Offer Received

eee eenee

Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac
Form 710

Page 2 of S

92024 Flagstar Bank, NA. All rights reserved, @Y Equal Housing Lender February 2024


De
Si

uperi

Docket Number

O Short-term (under 6 months).
C1 Long-term or permanent (greater than 6 months).
O Resolved as of (date)

HARDSHIP INFORMATION

The hardship causing mortgage payment challenges began on approximately (date)

and is believed to be:

TYPE OF HARDSHIP (CHECK ALL THAT APPL’ QUIRED HARDSHIP DOCUMENTATION

O Unemployment @ Asigned and dated written explanation describing the
Actively Seeking Employment? 01 Yes 01 No details of the hardship and any relevant

documentation.

1 Reduction in income: a hardship that has caused a ™@ Asigned and dated written explanation describing the
decrease in your income due to circumstances outside your details of the hardship and any relevant
control (e.g., elimination of overtime, reduction in regular documentation.
working hours, a reduction in base pay)

1 Increase in housing-related expenses: a hardship that has ™@ Asigned and dated written explanation describing the
caused an increase in your housing expenses due to details of the hardship and any relevant
circumstances outside your control (e.g., uninsured losses, documentation.
increased property taxes, HOA special assessment)

0 Disaster (natural or man-made) impacting the property or ™@ = Asigned and dated written explanation describing the
the borrower's place of employment details of the hardship and any relevant

documentation.

1 Long-term or permanent disability, or serious illness of a ™@ Written statement from the borrower, or other
borrower/co-borrower or dependent family member documentation verifying disability or illness.

Note: Detailed medical information is not required,
and information from a medical provider is not
required.

O Divorce or legal separation @ Final divorce decree or final separation agreement.

™@ Recorded quitclaim deed.

C1 Separation of borrowers unrelated by marriage, civil union, Legally-binding agreement evidencing that the
or similar domestic partnership under applicable law non-occupying borrower or co-borrower has

relinquished all rights to the property.

@ Recorded quitclaim deed.

01 Death of borrower or death of either the primary or ™@ Death certificate.
secondary wage earner

0 Distant employment transfer/relocation ™@ For active duty service members: Permanent Change

of Station (PCS) orders or letter showing transfer.

@ For employment transfers/new employment: A copy
of the signed offer letter or notice from employer
showing transfer to a new location or written
explanation if employer documentation not applicable,
AND

@ Documentation that reflects the amount of any
relocation assistance provided (not required for PCS
orders).

O Other-— hardship that is not covered above: ™@ Asigned and dated written explanation describing the

details of the hardship and any relevant
documentation.

Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac
Form 710

Page 3 of S
February 2024

©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, @) Equa! Housing Lender


De
Si

uperi

Docket Number

Please enter all borrower and non-borrower contributor income amounts in middle column.

MONTHLY TOTAL APPLICA\ AMOUNT FORALL — REQUIRED INCOME DOCUMENTATION
INCOME TYPE APPLICANTS
Gross (pre-tax) wages, $ ™@ Most-recent pay stub(s) and documentation of year-to-date
salaries and overtime pay, earnings and deductions:
commissions, tips, and bonuses CO Biweekly Pay: Three most-recent paystubs
O Weekly Pay: Five most-recent paystubs
O Semi-monthly Pay: Two most-recent paystubs
C Monthly Pay: most-recent paystub
Self-employment income $ ™@ Most-recent signed and dated quarterly or year-to-date
profit/loss statement (business-related income and
expenses only) AND
™@ Three most-recent bank statements corresponding with the
profit/loss statement income amounts AND
™@ Most-recent complete and signed business tax return OR
™ Most-recent complete and signed individual federal income
tax return
Unemployment benefit $ H@ Unemployment award letter
Social Security or disability $ ™@ Award letters or other documentation showing the amount
income, pension, death and frequency of the benefits AND
benefits, adoption assistance, ™@ Two most-recent bank statements showing deposit
housing allowance, and other amounts AND
public assistance ™@ = If received on behalf of a minor: Provide the date of birth
for each minor (MM/DD/YYYY)
0 DOB:
o DOB:
o DOB:
Rental income (rents $ ™@ Signed Lease Agreement and most-recent tax returns AND
received, less expenses other ™ Three most-recent bank statements demonstrating receipt
than mortgage expense) of rent OR
™@ Three most-recent deposited rent checks
Other sources of income not $ ™@ Other documentation showing the amount and frequency
listed above (Note: Only of the income (e.g., divorce decree, child support order)
include alimony, child AND
support, or separate ™@ Two most-recent bank statements showing receipt of
maintenance income if you income
choose to have it considered @ Child Support income only: Provide the date of birth for
for repaying this loan) each child (MM/DD/YYYY)
o DOB:
o DOB:
o DOB:

Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac
Form 710

$2024 Flagstar Bank, NA. Ail rights reserved, TY Equal Housing Lender

Page 4 of 5
February 2024


lei cai, ne

Docket Number

Borrower, Co-Borrower, and Non-Borrower Co!

1. I certify and acknowledge that all of the information in this Loss Mitigation Application is truthful, and any hardship |
identified contributed to the need for mortgage relief. Knowingly submitting false information may violate federal
and other applicable law.

2. lagree to provide the servicer with all required documents, including any additional supporting documentation as
requested, and will respond in a timely manner to all servicer or authorized third party* communications.

3. lacknowledge and agree that the servicer is not obligated to offer me assistance based solely on the representations in
this document or other documentation submitted in connection with this request.

4. I consent to the servicer or authorized third party* obtaining a current credit report. Credit reports are required for
borrowers, co-borrowers, and non-borrower contributors.

5. I consent to the disclosure by the servicer, authorized third party,* or any investor/guarantor of the mortgage loan(s),
of any personal information collected during the mortgage assistance process and of any information about any relief
| receive, to any third party that deals with the first lien or subordinate lien (if applicable) mortgage loan(s), including
Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or any investor, insurer, guarantor, or servicer of the mortgage loan(s) or any companies
that provide support services to them, for purposes permitted by applicable law. Personal information may include,
but is not limited to: (a) name, address, telephone number, (b) Social Security number, (c) credit score, (d) income,
and (e) payment history and information about account balances and activity.

6. agree that the terms of this certification and agreement will apply to any modification trial period plan, repayment
plan, or forbearance plan that may be offered based on this application. If | receive an offer for a modification trial
period plan or repayment plan, | agree that the first timely payment under the plan will serve as acceptance of the
plan.

7. lunderstand, acknowledge, and agree that the servicer and other loan participants can use and share tax return
information for purposes of servicing a loan or as otherwise permitted by applicable laws, including state and federal
privacy and data security laws. The servicer includes the servicer’s affiliates, agents, service providers and any of
aforementioned parties’ successors and assigns. The other loan participants include any actual or potential owners
of a loan resulting from the loan application, loss mitigation application, or acquirers of any beneficial or other
interest in the loan, any mortgage insurer, guarantor, any servicers or service providers for these parties and any of
aforementioned parties’ successors and assigns.

8. I consent to being contacted concerning this application for mortgage assistance at any telephone number, including
mobile telephone number, or email address | have provided to the lender, servicer, or authorized third party.*

* An authorized third party may include, but is not limited to, a housing counseling agency, Housing Finance Agency
(HFA) or other similar entity that is assisting me in obtaining a foreclosure prevention alternative.

Borrower Signature: Date:
Co-Borrower Signature: Date:
Non-Borrower Contributor Signature: Date:

Please submit your completed application, together with the required documentation, via mail to: Loss Mitigation
Department, W-110-2, 5151 Corporate Dr., Troy, MI 48098, online: FLAGSTAR.COM/MYLOANS or fax: (866) 234-9845.
We will contact you within five business days to acknowledge receipt and let you know if you need to send additional
information or documents. Please include loan number on all pages submitted for review.

We will use the information you provided to help us identify the assistance you may be eligible to receive.

Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac ©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, GY Equal Housing Lender Page 5 of S
Form 710 February 2024


oe ce al
Docket Number

Loss Mitigation Application—Financial Breakdown

Please include all items you are currently responsible for, even if you are not current on those payments. Some
expense information, such as credit cards and loans, will be obtained from credit reports.

How many people live in the household? (including yourself)
NON-BORROWER

INCOME BORROW! CONTRIBUTOR
Monthly Net Income from $ $ $
Employment
Frequency of Pay Period
Monthly Government Benefits & $ $ $
Insurance Income
Monthly Unemployment Income $ $ $
Monthly Rental Income $ $ $
Monthly Alimony Income $ $ $
Monthly Child Support Income $ $ $
Monthly Net Income from $ $ $
Employment
Other Monthly Income $ $ $
Please describe other below:
Total Monthly Income $ $ $
MONTHLY FAMILY EXPENSES NON-BORROWEI
(OUT OF POCKET) BORROWER CO-BORROWER CONTRIBUTOR
Monthly Auto Maintenance/Gas $ $ $
Monthly Auto Insurance $ $ $
Monthly Food $ $ $
Monthly Medical/Dental (Out of $ $ $
Pocket Costs, Not Premiums)
Monthly Alimony Paid $ $ $
Monthly Child Support Paid $ $ $
Monthly Child Care $ $ $
Monthly Entertainment $ $ $
Other Monthly Family Expenses $ $ $
Please describe other below:
Total Monthly Family Expenses $ $ $

©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, Allrights reserved, @) Equa! Housing Lender Page 1 of 2

February 2024


Date Fil
ge
Docket Nut

49/1/2025 19} 13,
imber

HOME EXPENSE:
ALL RESIDENCES

BORROWER

1 Lien Monthly Payment

CO-BORROWER

NON-BORROWER
CONTRIBUTOR

2" Lien Monthly Payment.

Monthly HOA Dues

$
$
Monthly Rent Payment $
$
$

Monthly Property Taxes & Insurance
{If Not Included in the Payment)

$
$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$
$

Monthly Cable TV/Streaming

Monthly Electricity

Monthly Natural Gas

Monthly Phone/Internet

Monthly Sewer/Water

wlnlanlnlala

Other Monthly Home Expenses
Please describe other below:

uwlalalalala

alalaulalala

Total Primary Residence Ex,

enses $

ASSETS

Property 1

AMOUNT OWED

Property 2

401(k) Accounts

Checking Account(s) & Cash on Hand

Savings, Money Market, & CD Accounts

IRA/Keogh Accounts

Stocks/Bonds (Non-Retirement Accounts)

Other Real Estate

Other Assets
Please describe other below:

wT be |r bo lr bo for bor for

wT be |r bo lr bo for bor for

Borrower Signature Date
Co-Borrower Signature Date
Non-Borrower Contributor Signature Date

$2024 Flagstar Bank, NA. Ail rights reserved, TY Equal Housing Lender

Page 2 of 2
February 2024


Saieddee Ant Pits AM

Superidr Court mouth
Dock@tNaneer "
Form 4506-C Department of the Treasury - Internal Revenue Service OMB Number
(October 2022) IVES Request for Transcript of Tax Return 1545-1872

Do not sign this form unless all applicable tines have been compieted.
Request may be rejected if the form is incomplete or illegibte.
For more information about Form 4506-C, visit www. irs.gov and search VES,

‘Ta. Current name “2a, Spouse's current name (if join return and transcripts are requested for both taxpayers) |

1 Firstname iL Mid inal” |, Last name/BMF company name 1. Spouse's frst name Ti. Middie initial | lil. Spouse's last name ;

' i

7b. First taxpayer identification number (see instructions) 2b, Spouse's taxpayer identification number (if joint return and transcripts are requested

for both taxpayers) I

|

16, Previous name shown on the last retum fled if different from ine ta 2c. Spouse's previous name shown on the last return fled f different fom line 2a |

i, First name ii, Midale initial Wi, Last name Vi Firstname i. Middle inital [HL Lastname |
|

3. Currant address (including apt, room. or sue no), city, state, and ZIP coda (see instructions)
‘a. Street address (inchuding apt., room, or suite no.) b. City c. State . ZIP code

4, Previous address shown on the last return filed if different from line 3 (see instructions) i
a. Street address {including apt., room, or suite no.} b. City ©. State ZIP code

5a: IVES participant name, 1D number, SOR mailbox ID, and address

|
IVES participant name i IVES participant iD number | til, SOR maibox 1D |
Equifax Workforce Solutions LLC 300005 Equifaxo1 |
iy, Street address (including apt,, room, or suite no.) v. City vi. State Vil. ZIP code |
11432 Lackland Rd. St. Louis Mo 63146 |
Sb. Customer file number (if applicable) (see instructions) Se. Unique identifier (# applicable) (see instructions) '

Sd. Client name, telephone number, and address (this fie! cannot be blank or rot applicable (VA))
1. Client name fi. Telephone number

ili, Street address (including apt.. room, or suite no.) iv. City v. State vi. ZIP code

Caution: This tax trarisctipt is being sent to the third party entered on Line Sa and/or Sd. Ensure that lines 6 through 8 are completed before signing. (see instructions)

6. Transcript requested. Enter the tax form number here (1040, 1065, 1120, etc.) and check the appropriate box below. Enter only one tax form number per request for line 6

transcripts |

|

a Return Transcript [| b. Account Transeript [| ¢, Record of Account [| |
7. Wage and Income transcript (W-2, 1096-£, 1099-G, ete,) Cl |

a. Enter a max ofthree form numbers here; ifno entry is made, all forms will be sent.

Bei the sheckbox tir tornaveris) requastng te waas and iam reaneias  oo tng crocs, Rmnscdetai be proved oro sted mepayare
Line ta CJ Line 2a imal

8, Year or period requested, Enter the ending date of the tax year or period using the mm dd yyyy format (see instructions) i

£ L i i i i i Es |
Caution: Do not sign this form untess all applicable fines have been completed. |

Signature of taxpayer(s). I deciare that | am either the taxpayer whose name is shown on line 4a or, ifapplicable, line 2a, or a person authorized to obtain the tax information |
requested. Ifthe request applies to a joint retum, at least one spouse must sign; however, if both spouses’ names and TINs are listed in lines 1a-1b and 2a-2b, both spouses must |
sign the request. I signed by-a corporate offcer, 1 percent or more shareholder. partner, managing member, guardian, tax matters partner, executor, receiver, administrator, trustee, |
|
|

or party other than the taxpayer, | certify that | have the authority to execute Form 4506-C on behalf of the taxpayer. Note: This form must be received by IRS within 120 days ofthe
signature date,

[21 Signatory attests that he/she has read the above attestation clause and upon $0 reading declares that he/she has the suthaty te sgn the Form 4508-0, See natuctons, |
“TY Signature for Line 1a (see instructions) [Date T Phone number of taxpayer online laor2a
| |

[] Form 4508-C was signed by an Authorized Representative
PrinType name

[7] Signatory confirms document was electronically signed

1
|
|
|
Sign | Title (line 1a above is 8 corporation, partnership, estate, or trust) |
Here |
+
\
i
|

‘Spouse's signature (required ff listed on Line 2a)

|] Form 4506-C was signed by an Authorized Representative TE] Signatory confims document was electronically signed |

Print/Type name t

|

Catalog Number 72627P www its.gov Fom 4506-C (Rev, 10-2022)

For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see page 2.


De i 1/2025 1p}43 AM
Sabena cbt - Bhatt
Docker Number

Instructions for Form 4506-C, IVES Request for Transcript of Tax Return

Section references are to the intemal Revenue Code
unless otherwise noted.

Future Developments

For the latest information about Form 4506-C and its
instructions. go to. www.irs.gov and search IVES.
Information about any recent developments affecting
Form 4506-C (such as legislation enacted after we
released it) will be posted on that page.

What's New. Form 4506-C includes the Client company
requesting transcripts and increased the number of Wage
and Income transcripts requests.

General Instructions

Caution: Do not sign this form unless all applicable tines
have been completed.

Designated Recipient Notification. Section 6103(¢)
limits disclosure and use of return information received
pursuant to the taxpayer's consent and! holds the recipient
Subject to penalties for any unauthorized access, other
use, or redisclosure without the taxpayer's express,
permission or request.

‘Taxpayer Notification. Section 6199(¢) limits disclosure
and use of return information provided pursuant ta your
consent and holds the recipient subject to penalties,
brought by private right of action, for any unauthorized
access, other use, of redisclosure without your express
permission ot request.

Purpose of form. Use Form 4506-C: te request tax return
information through an authorized IVES participant, You
will designate an IVES participant to receive the
information on fine Sa,

Note: if you ate unsute of which type of transcript you
need, check with the patty requesting your tax
information.

Where to file. The IVES patticipant will fax Fort 4508-C
with the approved IVES cover sheet to their assigned
Service Center.

Chart for ordering transcripts

Ifyour assigned Service | Fax the requests with

‘Center Is: the approved
coversheet to:

Austin IVES Team
844-249-6238

Austin Submission:
Processing Center

Kansas City Submission —_| Kanisas City IVES Team

Processing Center 844-249-9128
Ogden Submission Ogden IVES Team
Processing Center

844-249-8129

Specific Instructions

Line tai2a (if spouse is also requested). For IMF
Requests: Enter the First, Middle intial, and Last Name

in the indicated fields. If all characters will not ft, please
enter up to 12 for First name and 22 for Last name. For
BMF Requests: Enter the company name in the Last
Name field. If all characters will not ft, please enter up
10.22,

Line 1bi2b (¥ spouse is atso requested). Enter the social
Security number (SSN) or individual taxpayer identification
number ((TIN) for the individual listed on tine 14 including
the dashes in the correct format, or enter the employer
identification number (EIN) far the business listed on line
‘Ya including the dashes in the correct format.

Line 1c!2¢ (if spouse is also requested). Enter your
previous name as shown on your last filed tax return if
different than tine ta

Line 3. Enter your current address in the indicated

fields. Ifyou use a P.O. Box, include t and the number

in the Current Address fetd.

Line 4, Enter the address shown on the last return filed if
different from the address entered on fine 3.

Note: Ifthe addresses on lines 3 and 4 are different and
you have not changed your address with the IRS, file
Form 8822, Change of Address, or Form 8822-8, Change
of Address or Responsible Party — Business, with Form
4506-C.

Line 5b. Enter up to'10 numeric characters to create «
bnique customer file number that will appear on the
transcript. The customer file number cannot contain an
SSN, ITIN or EIN. Completion of this fine is not required,

Line Se. Enter up to 10 alpha-numeric characters to
create a unique identifier that will show in the mailbox fle
information. The unique identifier cannot contain an SSN,
{TIN or EIN. Completion of this line is not required.

Note. if you use an SSN, we will not input the information
and the customer fle number or unique identifier will
reflect a generic entry of "9999999999",

Line 5d, Enter the Client company name, address, and
phone number in the indicated fields. A Client company
feceives the requested tax transcripts from the IVES
participant. Ifthe IVES patticipant is also the Client
‘company, the IVES participant information should be
entered on Line Sa and Sd. These fields cannot be blank
‘ot Not Applicable (NA).

Line 6. Enter only one tax form number (1040, 1085,
1420, ete.) per request for all line 6 transcripts request
types.

Line Ga. Return Transcript includes most of the line items
of a tax retum as fled with the IRS. A tax return transeript
does not reflect changes made to the account after the
return is processed. Transcripts are only available for the
following retuns: Form 1040 series, Form 1065, Form
1420, Form 1120-H, Form 1120-L, and Forn 1120-8.
Return transcripts are avallabie for the current year and
returns processed during the prior 3 processing years.

Line 6b. Account Transcript contains information on the
financial status of the account, such as payments made
on the account, penalty assessments, and adjustments.
made by you or the IRS after the retum was fled. Return
information is fimited to items such as tax liability and
estimated tex payments. Account trenseripts are available
for most returns.

Line 6¢. Record of Account provides the most detailed
information as it is a combination of the Return Transcript
and the Account Transcript. Available for current year and
3 prior tax years.

Line 7. The IRS can'provide a transcript that includes
data from these information retums: Form W-2, Form
1099 series. Form 1098 series, or Form 5498 series
transcript. Enter up to three information return types. ifno
spacific type is requested, all forms will be provided. State
of local information is not included with the Form W-2
information. The IRS may be able to provide this
transcript information for up'to 10 years. information for
the current year is generally not available until the year
after itis fled with the IRS. For example, Form W-2
information for 2016, filéd in 2017, will likely not be
available from the IRS until 2018. ifyou need Form We2
information for retirement purposes, you should contact
the Social Security Administration at 1-800-772-1213.

Line 8. Enter the end date of the tax year or patiod
requested in mm dd yyy format. This may be a calendar
year, fiscal year or quarter. Enter each quarter requested
for quarterly returns, Example: Enter 12 31 2018 for a
calendar year 2018 Form 1040 transcript.

You must check the box in the signature
A area to acknowledge you have the authorty

to sign and request the information. The form
PeNTEPRY will not be processed if unchecked.
Signature and date. For 4508-C must be signed and
dated by the taxpayer listed on line taand, if listed, 2a.
The IRS must receive Forrn 4506-C within 120 days of
the date signed by the taxpayer or it will be rejected.
Ensure that all applicable lines, including lines 5a through
8, are completed before signing.

Authorized Representative: A representative can sign
Form 4506-C for-a taxpayer ifthe taxpayer has.
specifically delegated this authority to the representative
on Form 2848, line Ga, and Form 2849 is attached to the
Form 4506-C request. If you are Heir at Law, Next of Kin,
oF Berieficiary, you must be able to establish a material
interest in the estate or trust. If Form 4508-C is signed by
a representative, the Authorized Representative check
box must be marked.

Electronic Signature; Only IVES participants that apt in
to the Electronic Signature usage can accept electronic
signatures, Contact the IVES participant for approval and
guidance for electronic signatures. IFthe Form 4508-C is
signed electronically, the Electronic Signature check box
must be marked,

Individuals. Transcripts listed on line 6 may be furnished
to either spouse if jointly filed, Signatures are required for
ail taxpayers listed on Line 1a and 2a.

Comorations. Generally, Form 4506-C can be signed by:

(4) an officer having legal authority to-bind the
corporation, (2) any person designated by:the board of
directors ar other goveming body, or (3) any officer or
‘employes on written request by any principal officer and
attested to by the secretary or tther officer. A bona fide
shareholder of record owning 1 percent or more of the
‘outstanding stock of the corporation ray submit @ Form
-4506-C but must provide documentation to support the
requester's right to receive the information.

Partnerships. Generally, Form 4506-C can be signed by
any person who was @ member ofthe partnership during
any part of the tax period requested on line 8.

All others, See section 6103¢e) if the taxpayer has died,
is insolvent, is a dissolved corporation, or if trustee,
guardian, executor, receiver, or administrator is acting for
the taxpayer

Documentation. For entities other than individuals, you
must attach the authorization document. For example,
this could be the letter from the principal officer
authorizing an employee of the corporation or the letters
testamentary authorizing an individual to act for an estate.

Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. We
ask for the information on this form to establish your right
to gain access to the requested tax. information under the
Internal Revenue Code. We need this information to
properly identify the tax information and respond to your
Tequest. You até not required to request any transcript: if
you do request a transcript, sections 6103 and 6109 and
their regulations require you to provide this information,
including your SSN or EIN. If you do not provide this
information, we may not be able to process your request.
Providing false or fraudulent information may subject you
to-penatties,

Routine uses of this information include giving it to the
Department of Justice for civil and criminal litigation, and
cities, states, the District of Columbia, and U.S.
commonwealths and possessions for use in administering
their tax laws. We may also disclose this information to
other countries under a tax treaty, to federal and state
agencies to enforce federal nontax criminal laws, of to
federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies to
‘combat terrorism.

‘You ate not required to provide the information requested
on a form that is subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act
unless the form displays valid OMB control number,
Books or records relating to a form or its instructions must
bbe retained as long as their contents may become
material in the administration of any intemal Revenue
law. Generally, tax retums and return information are
confidential, as-required by section 6103.

The time needed to complete and fle Form 4506-C will

vary depending on individual ciccumstances. The
‘estimated average time is:

Learning about the faw or the form . 10 min.
Preparing the form yon 92 min
Copying, assembling, and sending

the form to the IRS 20 min:

Ifyou have cornments concerning the accuracy of these
time estimates or suggestions for making Form 4508-C
simpler, we would be happy to hear from you. You can
verite to:

Internal Revenue Service

‘Tax Forms and Publications Division

4114 Constitution Ave. NW, IR-6526

Washington, DC 20224

Do not send the form to this address. Instead, see Where
fo fle on this page.

Catalog Number 72627P

wwwirs.gov

Fom4506-C (Rev, 10-2022)


Stetdecoan Phmouth

Docket Number » THIRD-PARTY AUTHORIZATION FORM

Loan Number: P|

Complete and sign this Third Party Authorization form to authorize someone other than yourself to access your Mortgage
Loan Account information. IMPORTANT: Once completed and signed, please mail or fax to:
Mail: Attention: Third Party Authorization | E-115-3 | 5151 Corporate Drive | Troy, MI 48098 Fax: 888-848-1071

Please PRINT

Section 1 - Your Information

First Name. Middle Name Last Name

Last 4 Digits of Social Security Number Best Phone Number

Section 2 - Authorized Third Party

Expiration date for authorization: © Loan maturity or L ... Provide Expiration Date:

(Note: if no date Is selected, the authorize! for two years from the date signed below}

Type of Authorization: Individual Company
Authorization Description: Realtor Attorney
. Appraiser Other:

Name (Pies s not necessary to st individue! nares for a cor iny authorization.)

Address City State Zip

Best Phone Number Fax Email

Section 3 - Your Authorization

The authorized third party can:

Obtain loan details information by telephone

Discuss payment arrangements with the Collections Department

Discuss the Loss Mitigation application process

Submit request to send documents that do not require a fee, such as a Transaction History Ledger, or an Original Appraisal.

(can only be mailed to address of record)

* Submit request to re-send letter/package/document, such as a Monthly Statement, 1098, Escrow Analysis Disclosure,
Rate/Payment, Change Notice, Loan Sale Transfer Notice, etc. (can only be mailed to address of record.)

« Request research to resolve matters.

wees

By signing this form, | authorize the loan servicer to provide loan information regarding the Mortgage Loan Account referenced above
to the Authorized Party or to someone claiming to be the Authorized Party. | understand that this Third Party Authorization allows only
for information to be provided by telephone and the actions described above. The loan servicer may reject this or any other Third
Party Authorization or refuse to recognize any request for information from the Authorized Party. This Third Party Authorization shall
remain in effect until | revoke this authorization or until it expires as indicated above. | or any other borrower on this loan may revoke
this Third Party Authorization at any time in writing via fax or mail.

In the event your loan is transferred to a new servicer, the authorization established by this form will no longer be effective. Our
liability/obligations remain to the customer and the presence of a representative should not create additional direct or derivative
liability for the Bank.

Borrower Signature Date

Co-borrower Signature Date

©2024 Flagstar Bank, NA, All rights reserved. GY Equal Housing Lender Rev. 09722


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT J


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

P.O. Box 5041
Troy, MI 48007-5041

Carlie Javier
675 VFW PKWY PMB 191
Chestnut Hill, MA 02467

25-006241


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

This page intentionally left blank


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, MI, NH, PA, RI, VA

Hours: 8:30 AM~ 5:00 PM ET

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

November 6, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Carlie Javier

37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater, MA 02324

RE: Our File Number: 25-006241
Property Address: 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324

Dear Carlie Javier:

This law firm has been retained by M&T Bank regarding the mortgage which encumbers the above real
property (the “Mortgage”). The Note evidencing the loan in the original principal amount of $584,223.00
and the Mortgage are collectively called the “Mortgage Loan.”

An attorney has reviewed information provided by our client and has been involved in the preparation of
this letter.

According to the records of our client, your Mortgage Loan is in default. As a result, the Mortgage
Loan has been accelerated and M&T Bank has referred the matter to our office for further action.

You have the right to reinstate the Mortgage Loan by paying all past due installments, late charges,
delinquent taxes, insurance premiums, and costs and fees incurred in the foreclosure. To request
reinstatement information, contact our Loan Resolution Department at (781) 790-7800.

Very truly yours,
Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, Mi, NH, PA, RI, VA

husetts 02

0 (781) 790-7801
ans.com

168 Hours: 8:30 AM ~ 5:00 PM ET

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

November 6, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Carlie Javier

37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater, MA 02324

RE: 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324
Orlans File No. 25-006241
Rights under Servicemembers Civil Relief Act

Dear Carlie Javier:

This letter is to inform you that if you are on active duty in the military or are a dependent of someone
who is on active duty in military, you may be eligible for certain protections under the federal Service
Members Civil Relief Act (50 USC App. §§501-596) (SCRA). Those who may be entitled to such
Legal Protection under the SCRA are:

Active duty members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Coast Guard, and active service
National Guard; active service members of the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration; active service members of the commissioned corps of the Public Health
Service; United States citizens servicing with the armed forces of a nation with which the United States is
allied in the prosecution of a war or military action; and their spouses and/or dependents.

If you feel you may be eligible for such protections, you should contact both the servicer and Orlans Law
Group PLLC immediately and forward a copy of the service member’s military orders to:

Orlans Law Group PLLC M&T Bank

PO Box 540540 1 Fountain Plaza

Waltham, MA 02454 and Buffalo, New York 14203

Attn: SCRA Phone: 800-724-2224

Phone (781) 790-7800 ATTN: Loss Mitigation
Sincerely,

Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

P.O. Box 5041
Troy, MI 48007-5041

Carlie Javier
37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater, MA 02324

25-006241


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

This page intentionally left blank


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, MI, NH, PA, RI, VA

Hours: 8:30 AM~ 5:00 PM ET

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

November 6, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Carlie Javier

37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater, MA 02324

RE: Our File Number: 25-006241
Property Address: 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324

Dear Carlie Javier:

This law firm has been retained by M&T Bank regarding the mortgage which encumbers the above real
property (the “Mortgage”). The Note evidencing the loan in the original principal amount of $584,223.00
and the Mortgage are collectively called the “Mortgage Loan.”

An attorney has reviewed information provided by our client and has been involved in the preparation of
this letter.

According to the records of our client, your Mortgage Loan is in default. As a result, the Mortgage
Loan has been accelerated and M&T Bank has referred the matter to our office for further action.

You have the right to reinstate the Mortgage Loan by paying all past due installments, late charges,
delinquent taxes, insurance premiums, and costs and fees incurred in the foreclosure. To request
reinstatement information, contact our Loan Resolution Department at (781) 790-7800.

Very truly yours,
Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, Mi, NH, PA, RI, VA

husetts 02

0 (781) 790-7801
ans.com

168 Hours: 8:30 AM ~ 5:00 PM ET

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

November 6, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Carlie Javier

37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater, MA 02324

RE: 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324
Orlans File No. 25-006241
Rights under Servicemembers Civil Relief Act

Dear Carlie Javier:

This letter is to inform you that if you are on active duty in the military or are a dependent of someone
who is on active duty in military, you may be eligible for certain protections under the federal Service
Members Civil Relief Act (50 USC App. §§501-596) (SCRA). Those who may be entitled to such
Legal Protection under the SCRA are:

Active duty members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Coast Guard, and active service
National Guard; active service members of the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration; active service members of the commissioned corps of the Public Health
Service; United States citizens servicing with the armed forces of a nation with which the United States is
allied in the prosecution of a war or military action; and their spouses and/or dependents.

If you feel you may be eligible for such protections, you should contact both the servicer and Orlans Law
Group PLLC immediately and forward a copy of the service member’s military orders to:

Orlans Law Group PLLC M&T Bank

PO Box 540540 1 Fountain Plaza

Waltham, MA 02454 and Buffalo, New York 14203

Attn: SCRA Phone: 800-724-2224

Phone (781) 790-7800 ATTN: Loss Mitigation
Sincerely,

Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

P.O. Box 5041
Troy, MI 48007-5041

Enrique Javier
675 VFW PKWY PMB 191
Chestnut Hill, MA 02467

25-006241


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

This page intentionally left blank


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, MI, NH, PA, RI, VA

Hours: 8:30 AM~ 5:00 PM ET

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

November 6, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Enrique Javier

37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater, MA 02324

RE: Our File Number: 25-006241
Property Address: 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324

Dear Enrique Javier:

This law firm has been retained by M&T Bank regarding the mortgage which encumbers the above real
property (the “Mortgage”). The Note evidencing the loan in the original principal amount of $584,223.00
and the Mortgage are collectively called the “Mortgage Loan.”

An attorney has reviewed information provided by our client and has been involved in the preparation of
this letter.

According to the records of our client, your Mortgage Loan is in default. As a result, the Mortgage
Loan has been accelerated and M&T Bank has referred the matter to our office for further action.

You have the right to reinstate the Mortgage Loan by paying all past due installments, late charges,
delinquent taxes, insurance premiums, and costs and fees incurred in the foreclosure. To request
reinstatement information, contact our Loan Resolution Department at (781) 790-7800.

Very truly yours,
Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, Mi, NH, PA, RI, VA

husetts 02

0 (781) 790-7801
ans.com

168 Hours: 8:30 AM ~ 5:00 PM ET

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

November 6, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Enrique Javier

37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater, MA 02324

RE: 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324
Orlans File No. 25-006241
Rights under Servicemembers Civil Relief Act

Dear Enrique Javier:

This letter is to inform you that if you are on active duty in the military or are a dependent of someone
who is on active duty in military, you may be eligible for certain protections under the federal Service
Members Civil Relief Act (50 USC App. §§501-596) (SCRA). Those who may be entitled to such
Legal Protection under the SCRA are:

Active duty members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Coast Guard, and active service
National Guard; active service members of the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration; active service members of the commissioned corps of the Public Health
Service; United States citizens servicing with the armed forces of a nation with which the United States is
allied in the prosecution of a war or military action; and their spouses and/or dependents.

If you feel you may be eligible for such protections, you should contact both the servicer and Orlans Law
Group PLLC immediately and forward a copy of the service member’s military orders to:

Orlans Law Group PLLC M&T Bank

PO Box 540540 1 Fountain Plaza

Waltham, MA 02454 and Buffalo, New York 14203

Attn: SCRA Phone: 800-724-2224

Phone (781) 790-7800 ATTN: Loss Mitigation
Sincerely,

Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

P.O. Box 5041
Troy, MI 48007-5041

Enrique Javier
37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater, MA 02324

25-006241


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

This page intentionally left blank


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, MI, NH, PA, RI, VA

Hours: 8:30 AM~ 5:00 PM ET

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

November 6, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Enrique Javier

37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater, MA 02324

RE: Our File Number: 25-006241
Property Address: 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324

Dear Enrique Javier:

This law firm has been retained by M&T Bank regarding the mortgage which encumbers the above real
property (the “Mortgage”). The Note evidencing the loan in the original principal amount of $584,223.00
and the Mortgage are collectively called the “Mortgage Loan.”

An attorney has reviewed information provided by our client and has been involved in the preparation of
this letter.

According to the records of our client, your Mortgage Loan is in default. As a result, the Mortgage
Loan has been accelerated and M&T Bank has referred the matter to our office for further action.

You have the right to reinstate the Mortgage Loan by paying all past due installments, late charges,
delinquent taxes, insurance premiums, and costs and fees incurred in the foreclosure. To request
reinstatement information, contact our Loan Resolution Department at (781) 790-7800.

Very truly yours,
Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth

Docket Number

ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, Mi, NH, PA, RI, VA

husetts 02

0 (781) 790-7801
ans.com

168 Hours: 8:30 AM ~ 5:00 PM ET

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

November 6, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Enrique Javier

37 Birch Hill Rd
Bridgewater, MA 02324

RE: 37 Birch Hill Rd, Bridgewater, MA 02324
Orlans File No. 25-006241
Rights under Servicemembers Civil Relief Act

Dear Enrique Javier:

This letter is to inform you that if you are on active duty in the military or are a dependent of someone
who is on active duty in military, you may be eligible for certain protections under the federal Service
Members Civil Relief Act (50 USC App. §§501-596) (SCRA). Those who may be entitled to such
Legal Protection under the SCRA are:

Active duty members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Coast Guard, and active service
National Guard; active service members of the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration; active service members of the commissioned corps of the Public Health
Service; United States citizens servicing with the armed forces of a nation with which the United States is
allied in the prosecution of a war or military action; and their spouses and/or dependents.

If you feel you may be eligible for such protections, you should contact both the servicer and Orlans Law
Group PLLC immediately and forward a copy of the service member’s military orders to:

Orlans Law Group PLLC M&T Bank

PO Box 540540 1 Fountain Plaza

Waltham, MA 02454 and Buffalo, New York 14203

Attn: SCRA Phone: 800-724-2224

Phone (781) 790-7800 ATTN: Loss Mitigation
Sincerely,

Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 10:13 AM
Superior Court - Plymouth
Docket Number

EXHIBIT K


4 Status Report
Pursuant to Servicemembers Civil Relief Act

XXX-XX-0780

JAVIER
CARLIE

Nov-30-2025
C459T JXXCJ86ZBO

NA

NA

NA

NA

SNA

NA

NA

NA

= NO

NA



The DoD strongly supports the enforcement of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 USC App. § 3901 et seq, as amended) (SCRA) (formerly known as
the Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Civil Relief Act of 1940). DMDC has issued hundreds of thousands of "does not possess any information indicating that the
individual is currently on active duty" responses, and has experienced only a small error rate. In the event the individual referenced above, or any family
member, friend, or representative asserts in any manner that the individual was on active duty for the active duty status date, or is otherwise entitled to the
protections of the SCRA, you are strongly encouraged to obtain further verification of the person's status by contacting that person's Service. Service contact
information can be found on the SCRA website's FAQ page (Q36) via this URL: https://scra.dmdc.osd.mil/scra/#ifaqs. If you have evidence the person

was on active duty for the active duty status date and you fail to obtain this additional Service verification, punitive provisions of the SCRA may be invoked
against you. See 50 USC App. § 3921(c).

This response reflects the following information: (1) The individual's Active Duty status on the Active Duty Status Date (2) Whether the individual left Active
Duty status within 367 days preceding the Active Duty Status Date (3) Whether the individual or his/her unit received early notification to report for active
duty on the Active Duty Status Date.

More information on "Active Duty Status”

Active duty status as reported in this certificate is defined in accordance with 10 USC § 101(d) (1). Prior to 2010 only some of the active duty periods less
than 30 consecutive days in length were available. In the case of a member of the National Guard, this includes service under a call to active service
authorized by the President or the Secretary of Defense under 32 USC § 502(f) for purposes of responding to a national emergency declared by the
President and supported by Federal funds. All Active Guard Reserve (AGR) members must be assigned against an authorized mobilization position in the
unit they support. This includes Navy Training and Administration of the Reserves (TARs), Marine Corps Active Reserve (ARs) and Coast Guard Reserve
Program Administrator (RPAs). Active Duty status also applies to a Uniformed Service member who is an active duty commissioned officer of the U.S.
Public Health Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA Commissioned Corps).

Coverage Under the SCRA is Broader in Some Cases

Coverage under the SCRA is broader in some cases and includes some categories of persons on active duty for purposes of the SCRA who would not be
reported as on Active Duty under this certificate. SCRA protections are for Title 10 and Title 14 active duty records for all the Uniformed Services periods.
Title 32 periods of Active Duty are not covered by SCRA, as defined in accordance with 10 USC § 101(d)(1).

Many times orders are amended to extend the period of active duty, which would extend SCRA protections. Persons seeking to rely on this website
certification should check to make sure the orders on which SCRA protections are based have not been amended to extend the inclusive dates of service.
Furthermore, some protections of the SCRA may extend to persons who have received orders to report for active duty or to be inducted, but who have not
actually begun active duty or actually reported for induction. The Last Date on Active Duty entry is important because a number of protections of the SCRA
extend beyond the last dates of active duty.

Those who could rely on this certificate are urged to seek qualified legal counsel to ensure that all rights guaranteed to Service members under the SCRA
are protected

WARNING: This certificate was provided based on a last name, SSN/date of birth, and active duty status date provided by the requester. Providing
erroneous information will cause an erroneous certificate to be provided.


4 Status Report

Pursuant to Servicemembers Civil Relief Act

XXX-XX-6556

JAVIER
ENRIQUE

Nov-30-2025
BY3WOWG1ZFMK3KW

NA

NA No

NA

NA

SNA Rete No

NA

NA

NAT & . = NO

NA



The DoD strongly supports the enforcement of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 USC App. § 3901 et seq, as amended) (SCRA) (formerly known as
the Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Civil Relief Act of 1940). DMDC has issued hundreds of thousands of "does not possess any information indicating that the
individual is currently on active duty" responses, and has experienced only a small error rate. In the event the individual referenced above, or any family
member, friend, or representative asserts in any manner that the individual was on active duty for the active duty status date, or is otherwise entitled to the
protections of the SCRA, you are strongly encouraged to obtain further verification of the person's status by contacting that person's Service. Service contact
information can be found on the SCRA website's FAQ page (Q36) via this URL: https://scra.dmdc.osd.mil/scra/#ifaqs. If you have evidence the person

was on active duty for the active duty status date and you fail to obtain this additional Service verification, punitive provisions of the SCRA may be invoked
against you. See 50 USC App. § 3921(c).

This response reflects the following information: (1) The individual's Active Duty status on the Active Duty Status Date (2) Whether the individual left Active
Duty status within 367 days preceding the Active Duty Status Date (3) Whether the individual or his/her unit received early notification to report for active
duty on the Active Duty Status Date.

More information on "Active Duty Status”

Active duty status as reported in this certificate is defined in accordance with 10 USC § 101(d) (1). Prior to 2010 only some of the active duty periods less
than 30 consecutive days in length were available. In the case of a member of the National Guard, this includes service under a call to active service
authorized by the President or the Secretary of Defense under 32 USC § 502(f) for purposes of responding to a national emergency declared by the
President and supported by Federal funds. All Active Guard Reserve (AGR) members must be assigned against an authorized mobilization position in the
unit they support. This includes Navy Training and Administration of the Reserves (TARs), Marine Corps Active Reserve (ARs) and Coast Guard Reserve
Program Administrator (RPAs). Active Duty status also applies to a Uniformed Service member who is an active duty commissioned officer of the U.S.
Public Health Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA Commissioned Corps).

Coverage Under the SCRA is Broader in Some Cases

Coverage under the SCRA is broader in some cases and includes some categories of persons on active duty for purposes of the SCRA who would not be
reported as on Active Duty under this certificate. SCRA protections are for Title 10 and Title 14 active duty records for all the Uniformed Services periods.
Title 32 periods of Active Duty are not covered by SCRA, as defined in accordance with 10 USC § 101(d)(1).

Many times orders are amended to extend the period of active duty, which would extend SCRA protections. Persons seeking to rely on this website
certification should check to make sure the orders on which SCRA protections are based have not been amended to extend the inclusive dates of service.
Furthermore, some protections of the SCRA may extend to persons who have received orders to report for active duty or to be inducted, but who have not
actually begun active duty or actually reported for induction. The Last Date on Active Duty entry is important because a number of protections of the SCRA
extend beyond the last dates of active duty.

Those who could rely on this certificate are urged to seek qualified legal counsel to ensure that all rights guaranteed to Service members under the SCRA
are protected

WARNING: This certificate was provided based on a last name, SSN/date of birth, and active duty status date provided by the requester. Providing
erroneous information will cause an erroneous certificate to be provided.