Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

4\

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS

BRISTOL, SS. SUPERIOR COURT DEPARTMENT

Lakeview Loan Servicing, LLC,
Plaintiff
v.
Noadia Cummings; Joshua Cummings; and BRISTOL SUPERIOR COURT
The Secretary of Housing and Urban FILED
Development, their successors and assigns. DEC -1 2025
JENNIFER A. SULLIVAN, ESQ
Defendants . CLERVIMAGISTRATE

COMPLAINT
Jurisdiction
The Superior Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to M.G.L. Ch. 212 § 3,
M.G.L. Ch. 212 § 4, M.G.L. Ch. 244 § 8, and M.G.L. Ch. 244 §11, et. seq. The property locus is

756 County Street, Attleboro, MA 02703.

Parties
1. Plaintiff Lakeview Loan Servicing, LLC (“Lakeview”) has a usual place of business at
4425 Ponce de Leon Blvd., Coral Gables, FL 33146.
2. Defendant, Noadia Cummings is an individual who, upon information and belief, owns and
resides at 756 County Street, Attleboro, MA 02703.
3. Defendant, Joshua Cummings is an individual who, upon information and belief, owns and

resides at 756 County Street, Attleboro, MA 02703.

25-012659 1


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM

Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

. Defendant The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, their successors and assigns

(“HUD”), is a government agency which has a last known usual place of business ATTN:
Family Notes Branch, 451 Seventh Street, SW, Washington, DC 20410.

Facts

. Matthew P. Ezyk and Loren L. Ezyk executed and delivered a Quit Claim Deed for the real

property located at 756 County Street, Attleboro, MA 02703 (the “Property”) to Noadia
Cummings and Joshua Cummings as husband and wife, as tenants by the entirety (the
“Cummings”), which deed was executed on May 25, 2021 and recorded at the Bristol
County North Registry of Deeds in Book 27119, Page 63 (the “Deed”). A true and accurate

copy of the Deed is attached as Exhibit A.

. The Cummings executed and delivered a Note dated June 22, 2021 to Fairway Independent

Mortgage Corporation in the principal amount of Four Hundred Seventy-One Thousand
Three Hundred Six Dollars and No Cents ($471,306.00) (“Note”). The Note was
subsequently éndorsed into blank. A true and accurate copy of the endorsed Note is

attached as Exhibit B.

. As security for the Note, the Cummings executed, granted and delivered a first mortgage

in the amount of $471,306.00 containing a statutory power of sale to Mortgage Electronic
Registrations Systems, Inc. (“MERS”), solely as nominee for Fairway Independent
Mortgage Corporation executed on June 22, 2021, recorded at the Bristol County North
Registry of Deeds in Book 27119, Page 65, and encumbering the Property (“Mortgage”).

A true and accurate copy of the Mortgage is attached in Exhibit C.

. MERS assigned the Mortgage to Lakeview Loan Servicing, LLC by Assignment of

Mortgage executed on December 23, 2022 and recorded at the Bristol County North

25-012659 2


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

Registry of Deeds in Book 28238, Page 254 (the “Assignment”). A true and accurate copy
of the Assignment is attached in Exhibit D.

9. The Mortgage is secured by the Property located in the Town of Attleboro, Massachusetts,
and is more particularly described as follows:

The land in Attleboro being shown as Lot No. 2 on a plan titled "Plan of Land in Attleboro, MA
prepared for Normand Lemieux prepared by W.T. Whalen Engineering Co.", dated December 19,
2006 and recorded March 9, 2007 in the Bristol County North Registry of Deeds at Plan

10. Lakeview is the current holder of the Note and Mortgage.

11. HUD executed a junior mortgage in the amount of $10,065.91, as a lienholder of the
Cummings, dated April 15, 2024 and recorded in the Bristol County North Registry of
Deeds in Book 28826, Page 62. A true and accurate copy of the junior mortgage is attached
in Exhibit E.

12. No person or entity other than the parties hereto appears of record in the Bristol County
North Registry of Deeds to have any interest in said Property.

13. On or about December 29, 2022, Lakeview, or its predecessor in interest, or authorized
servicer of the Mortgage, or anyone holding under the Mortgage, or its attorneys, sent a
Notice of Default and Right to Cure pursuant to G. L. c. 244, s. 35A and Notice of Right
to Request a Modified Mortgage Loan pursuant to G. L. c. 244, s. 35B, via certified and
regular mail. A true and accurate copy of Notice of Default and Right to Cure and Notice
of Right to Request a Modified Mortgage Loan attached in Exhibit F.

14. On or about February 28, 2025, Lakeview, or its predecessor in interest, or authorized
servicer of the Mortgage, or anyone holding under the Mortgage, or its attorneys, sent a

Notice of Acceleration of the Mortgage Loan pursuant to the notice and default provisions

25-012659 3


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

of the Mortgage. A true and accurate copy of the notice of acceleration is attached as
Exhibit G.

15. Lakeview, or its predecessor in interest, or authorized servicer of the Mortgage, or anyone
holding under the Moitgage, or its attorneys, was authorized to send Notices of Default
and Notice of Acceleration in compliance with the notice and default provisions of the

Mortgage.

COUNT I

16. Lakeview realleges and reaffirms the allegations set forth in paragraphs 1-15 as if restated
herein.

17. The Cummings, as the present owners, are the owner of the equity of redemption of the
Property.

18. The Cummings are in default in the performance of the terms and conditions of the
Mortgage, under paragraph 9(a) of the Mortgage.

19. Lakeview is entitled to foreclose the Mortgage, in full or. partial satisfaction of The
Cummings’ obligations in connection with the Note and or Mortgage pursuant to their
terms and applicable law, under paragraph 22 of the Mortgage.

20. Lakeview is entitled to foreclose the Mortgage by invoking the Statutory Power of Sale
pursuant to paragraph 22 of the terms of the Mortgage.

21. The interests of all defendants in and to the Property are subordinate and subject to the
Mortgage...

22. Upon examination of the public records, there are no other parties with a mortgage, lien,

encumbrance, or other equitable interest with respect to the Property.

25-012659 . 4


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

23. There are no persons having any interest.of ownership who are in the Military Service of

the United States of America or otherwise entitled to the relief and benefits provided by

the Act of Congress known as the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, 50 U.S.C. §3901 et

seq, as amended. A true and accurate copy of the Department of Defense Manpower Data

Center Status Report is attached as Exhibit H.

WHEREFORE, Plaintiff prays that the following relief enter:

1.

25-012659

Order that The Cummings are in default of the terms and conditions of the Note or
Mortgage; ;

Order that the notice of default provisions of the Mortgage were strictly complied with
prior to commencement of this action;

Order that The Cummings are not in the Military Service of the United States of
America or otherwise entitled to the relief and benefits provided by the Act of Congress
known as the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, 50 U.S.C. §3901 et seq, as amended;
Enter Conditional Judgment pursuant to M.G.L. Ch. 244 § 3 authorizing Lakeview to
foreclose the Mortgage.recorded with the Southern Bristol County North Registry of
Deed at Book 27119, Page 65, by invoking the Statutory Power of Sale and entry for
possession in accordance with M.G.L. Ch. 244 § 1 through § 11, inclusive;

After filing of a Report of Sale, confirm the acts of Lakeview done and performed under
the authority of the Conditional Judgment by entering a Final Decree confirming the

foreclosure sale pursuant to M.G.L. Ch. 244 §12;


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

25-012659"

Order that any Defendants holding a lien or liens attached to the Property that fail to
appear or file an answer in this action shall result in a waiver of any statutory or other
applicable redemption period(s); ,

Order that, upon payment of all required fees, an attested copy of the Conditional
Judgment and Final Decree shall be recorded at the Bristol County North Registry of
Deeds; and

Grant other such relief as this Honorable Court deems reasonable and just.

Plaintiff
By its attorney

/s/ Jason MacKeen.
Jason MacKeen, Esq. 696588
Orlans Law Group PLLC
PO Box 540540:
Waltham MA 02454
(781) 790-7800



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM”
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

EXHIBIT A


Property Address: 756 County Sti

sw VISIT VL SSS JUUBIHeEask TeCcorgaenqn.

{the remaingcer of this pag


COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACI

FA sal ss

On this WT day of May, 2021, before me, the und
Matthew P. Ezyk and Loren L, Ezyk proved to met
identification, which were , to
preceding or attached document and acknowledged
stated purpose.

ay (official signature :

expires 16 | réfgh



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM.
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

EXHIBIT B


Sue cat Bisa

Docket Numbes
Note |
JUNE 22, 2021 DANVERS NASSACHUSETTS
(ate) (City) (State)

756 COUNTY ST, ATTLEBORO, MASSACHUSETTS 02703

(Property Address)

1. BORROWER'S PROMISE TO PAY. In return for a loan that I have received, I promise to pay US. $ 471,306.00
{this amount is called "Princlpal"), plus interest to-the order of the Lender. The Lender is
FAIRWAY INDEPENDENT MORTGAGE CORPORATION .

T will make all payments under this Note in the form of cash, check or money order.

T understand that the Lender may transfer this Note. The Lender or anyone who takes this Note by transfer and who is entitled
to receive payments under this Note is called the "Note Holder."

2. INTEREST. Interest will be charged on unpatd principal until the full amount of Principal has been paid. Iwill pay interest at

a yearly rate of 3.1250 %,
The interest rate required by this Section 2 is the rate I will pay both before and after any default described in Section 6(B) of
this Note. :
3. PAYMENTS ; ;
(A) Time and Place of Payments. I will pay principal and interest by making a payment every month.
I will make my monthly payment on the 1ST day of each month beginning.on AUGUST O01, 2021 «I will

make these payments every month until I have paid all of the principal and interest and any other charges described
below that I may owe under this Note. Each monthly payment will be applied as of its scheduled due date and will be
applied to interest before Principal. If, on JULY O1, 2051 + I still owe amounts under this Note, I will
pay those amounts in full on that date, which is called the "Maturity Date."

Iwill make my monthly payments at

POST OFFICE BOK 117298, CARROLLION, TX 75011

or at a different place if required by the Note Holder.

_ (8) Amount of Monthly Payments. My monthly payment will be in the amount of U.S, $2,018.96

4. BORROWER'S RIGHT TO PREPAY. .
T have the right to make payments of Principal at any time before they are due, A payment of Principal only is known as a
"Prepayment," When I make a Prepayment, I will tell the Note Holder in writing that I am doing so. I may not designate a
payment as a Prepayment if [ have not made all the monthly payments due under the Note.

T'may make a full Prepayment or partial Prepayments without paying a Prepayment charge. The Note Holder will use my
Prepayments to reduce the amount of Principal that I owe under this Note. However, the Note Holder may apply my
Prepayment to any accrued and unpaid interest on the Prepayment amount before applying my Prepayment to reduce the
Principal amount of the Note. If I make a partlal Prepayment, there will be no changes In the duc date or in the amount of my
monthly payment unless the Note Holder agrees in writing to thase changes, ©

a ra a
FHA Multistate Fixed Rate Note

‘VMPIR (2008).
‘Wolters Kluwer Financial Services, Inc. Page 1 of 3

Ws

\



Di id 42/1, 00 AM
sibel chan Bist
Docket Numbyy

e

5. LOAN CHARGES, If a law, which applies to this loan and which sets maximum loan charges, Is finally interpreted so that
the interest or ather loan charges collected ar to be collected in connection with this loan exceed the permitted Ilmits, then: (a)
any such loan charge shall be reduced by the amount necessary to reduce the charge to the permitted limit; and (b) any sums
already collected from me which exceeded permitted limits will be refunded to me. The Note Holder may choose to make this
refund by reducing the Princtpal I owe under this Note or by making a direct payment to me, If a refund reduces Principal, the
reduction will be treated as a partial Prepayment.

6. . BORROWER'S FAILURE TO PAY AS REQUIRED

{A) Late Charge for Overdue Payments. If the Note Holder has not received the full amount of any monthly payment by °
the end of 15 calendar days after the date It 1s due, 1 will pay a late charge to the Note Holder. The
amount of the charge will be 3.0000 % of my overdue payment of princtpal and interest.

1 will pay this late charge promptly but only once on each late payment.

(8) Defauit. If 1 do not pay the full amount of each monthly payment on the date it Is duc, 1 will be in default.

(C) ‘Notice of Default. If { am in default, the Note Holder may send me a written notice telling me that If I do not pay the
overdue amount by a certain date, the Note Holder may require me to pay immediately the full amount of Principal
which has not been paid and all the interest that lowe on that amount. That date must be at least 30 days afler the date on
which the notice is mailed to me or delivered by other means.

(D) No Waiver By Note Holder. Even if, at a time when I am in default, the Note Holder does not require me to pay
immediately in full as described above, the Note Holder will still have the right to do so if J am in default at a ater time.

(E) Payment of Note Holder's Costs and Expenses, If the Note Holder has required me to pay immediately in full as
described above, the Note Holder will have the right to be paid back by me for all of Its costs and expenses In enforcing
this Note to the extent not prohibited by applicable law. Those expenses include, for example, reasonable attorneys’ fees.

7. GIVING OF NOTICES. Unless applicable Jaw requires a different method, any notice that must be given to me under this
Note will be given by delivering it or by mailing it by first class mail to me at the Property Address above or at a different
address if! give the Note Holder a notice of my different address.

Any notice that must be given to.the Note Holder under this Note will be given by delivering it or by mailing it by first class
mail to the Note Holder at the address stated in Section 3(A) above- or at a different address if I am given a notice of that
different address.

8, OBLIGATIONS OF PERSONS UNDER THIS NOTE. If more than one person signs this Nate, each person Is fully and
personally obligated to keep all of the promises made in this Note, including the promise ta pay the full amount owed. Any
person who is a guarantor, surety or endorser of this Note is-also obligated to do these things. Any person who takes over
these obligations, including the obligations of a guarantor, surety or endorser of this Nole, {s also obligated to keep all of the
promises made in this Note. The Note Holder may enforce its rights under this Note against each person individually or
against all of us together. This means that any one of us may be required (o pay alf of the amounts owed under this Note.

9. WAIVERS, I and any other person who has obligations under this Note waive the rights of Presentment and Notice of
Dishonor. "Presentment" means the right to require the Note Holder to demand payment of amounts due. “Notice of
Dishonor" means the right to require the Note Holder to give notice to other persons that amounts due have not been paid.

10. UNIFORM SECURED NOTE. This Note is a uniform instrument with limited variations in some jurisdictions. In addition to
the protections given to the Note Holder under this Note, a Mortgage, Deed of Trust, or Security Deed (the "Security
Instrument"), dated the same date as this Note, pratects the Nate Holder from possible losses which might result if I do not
keep the promises which I make in this Note. That Security Instrument describes how and under what conditions 1 may be
required to make immediate payment in full of all amounts I owe under. this Note. Some of those conditions are described as
follows:

Tf all or any part of the Property or any Interest in the Property is sold or transferred (or if Borrower is not-a
natural person and a beneficlal interest in Borrower is sold or transferred) without Lender's prior written
consent, Lender may require Immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument.
However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by Applicable Law.

FIRST LIN el
1/21/2016

‘VMP1R (2008).00
Wolters Ktiwer Financial Services, Inc.

Page 2 of 3



sips

Dockett
Fa

ar,
Lees

Number,

p25;42:00 AM

If Lender exercises this option, Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleratlon. The notice shall provide a
erlod of not fess than 30 days from the date the notice is given in accordance with Section 14 within which
jorrower must pay all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If Borrower fails to pay these sums prior to

the expiration of this perlod, Lender may invoke any remedies permitled by this Securlly Instrument without
further notice or demand on Borrower.

(Seal)

(Seal)

Borrower

(Seal)
Borrower

(eal)

Borrower

{Sign Original Only]

LOAN ORIGINATION ORGANIZATION: FAIRWAY INOEPENDENT MORTGAGE CORPORATION
NMLS ID: 2289

LOAN ORIGINATOR: LUCAS J. MOGARY

NMLS ID:. 1700830

FHA Multistate.

Signature:

Title:

Fixed Rate Note

tr

Printed Name: aletratinverton- contol ‘Sp.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

EXHIBIT C


Sate éde J2up08.4 00 AM

‘Superior Court
Docket Number

“"" EI@ULIONIG KKECOTUINY ~
, Doc# 00034619

Bk: 27419 Pg: 65 Page: 1 of 18

Recorded: 06/22/2021 12:55 PM

ATTEST: Barry J. Amaral, Register

Bristol County North Registry of Deeds

Return To:

MS~ED-2W-9909, 1427 ENERGY PARK oR.
ST, FAUL, MN 55108

SOUTH BOSTON, MA 02127
617-456-1700

Property Address; -
‘756 COUNTY ST, ATTLESORO, MASSACHUSETTS 02703

ALL OR PART OF THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PROPERTY 1S PAID FOR
WITH THE MONEY LOANED.

PURCHASE MONEY
Mortgage

DEFINITIONS

Words used in multiple sections of this document are defined below and other words are defined in Sections 3,
10, 12, 17, 19 and 21. Certain rules regarding the usage of words used In this document are alsa provided tn
Section 15,

(A) "Security Instrument" means this document, which is dated JUNE: 22, 2021 together with
all Riders to this document,

(8) "Borrower" is
NOADIA CUMMINGS AND JOSHUA CUMMINGS, WIRE AND HUSBAND, AS TENANCY BY
ENTIRETY

Borrower is the mortgagor under this Security Instrument.


Be era
Docket Number 1 .

{C) “MERS" Js Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. MERS is a separate corporation that is
acting solely as a nominee for Lender and Lender's successors and assigns. MERS js the mortgagee
under this Security Instrument. MERS is organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, and has-
an address and telephone number of P.O, Box 2026, Flint, MI 48501-2026, tel. (888) 679- MERS,

(D) "Lender" is
FAIRWAY INDEPENDENT MORTGAGE CORPORATION

Lender is a CORPORATION
organized and existing under the laws of THE STATE OF TEXAS .
Lender's address is .
4201 MARSH LANE, CARROLUION, TX 75007
(D-1) "Mortgage Broker" is
NO MORIGAGE

Mortgage Broker's post office address is
NO MORTGAGE BROKER

and Mortgage Broker's license number is NO MORTGAGE BROKER .
(D-2) "Mortgage Loan Originator“ is LUCAS J. MOGARY

Mortgage Loan Originator's post office address 1s

380 W BROADWAY, UNIT 101, SOUTH BOSTON, MA 02127

and Marigage Loan Originator's license number is

1700830
(E) "Note" means the promissory note signed by Borrower and dated JUNE 22, 2021 + The Note

states that Bosrower owes Lender

FOUR HUNDRED SEVENTY ONE THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED SIX & NO/100

Dollars (U.S. $471,306.00 ) plus interest. Borrower has promised to pay this debt in regular
Periodic Payments and to pay the debt in full not later than JULY 01, 2051

® “Property” means the property that is described below under the heading "Transfer | of Rights in the
Property."

{G) “Loan” means the debt evidenced by the Note, plus interest, and late charges due under the Note, and
all sums due under this Security Insteument, plus interest,

(H) "Riders" means all Riders to this Security Instrument that are executed by Borrower, The following
Riders are to be executed hy Borrower (check bax as applicable];

| Adjustable Rate Rider C1 condominium Rider [7] Planned Unit Development Rider
Rehabilitation Loan Rider
Other [Specify] *

*

() “Applicable Law" means all ‘controlling applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations,
ordinances and administrative rules and orders (that have the effect of law) as well as all applicable

final, non-appealable judicial opintoris, a

ortgago With MER 9/30/2014
ELA Morsgago With MERSgA \vagranuonay (1639.00
" ago 2 ot 17



RE
‘Super our Br

Docket Numb:

;00 AM

G) “Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments" means all dues, fees, assessments and other
charges that are imposed on Borrower or the Property by a condominium association, homeowners
association or similar organization.

(K) "Electronic Funds Transfer" means any transfer of funds, other than a transaction originated by check,
draft, or similar ‘paper instrument, which {s inftiated through an electronic terminal, telephonic
instrument, computer, or magnetic (ape so as to order, instruct, or authorize a financtal institution to
debit or credit an account, Such term includes, but is not limited to, point-of-sale transfers, automated
teller machine transactions, transfers initiated by telephone, wire transfers, and automated clearnghouse
transfers,

{L) "Escrow Items" means those items that are described in Section 3,

(M) "Miscellaneous Proceeds” means any compensation, settlement, award of damages, or proceeds pald by
any third party (other than insurance proceeds paid under the coverages described in Section 5) for: (1)
damage to, or destruction of, the Property; (Ii) condemnation or other taking of all or any part of the
Property; (ii) conveyance in lieu of condemnation; or (Iv) misrepresentations of, or omissions as to, the
value and/or condition of the Property.

(N) “Mortgage Insurance" means insurance protecting Lender against the nonpayment of, or default on, the
Loan. :

(O) "Periodic Payment" means the regularly scheduled amount due for (}) principal and interest under the
Note, plus ({i) any amounts under Section 3 of this Security Instrument,

(®) “RESPA" means the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (12 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.) and its
implementing regulation, Regulation X (12 C.F.R. Part 1024), as they might be amended from time to
time, or any additional or successor legislation or regulation that governs the same subject matter, As
used in this Security Instrument, “RESPA" refers to all requirements and restrictions that are imposed in-
regard to a "federally related mortgage loan" even if the Loan does not qualify as a “federally related
mortgage loan" under RESPA,

(Q) "Secretary" means the Secretary of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development or
his designee.

(R) "Successor in Interest of Borrower" means any parly that has taken title to the Properly, whether or not
that party has assumed Borrower's obligations under the Note and/or this Security instrument,

TRANSFER OF RIGHTS IN THE PROPERTY

This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (i) the repayment of the Loan, and all renewals, extenstons and
modifications of the Note; and (ii) the performance of Borrawer's covenants and agreements under this
Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower does hereby mortgage; grant and convey to
MERS (solely as nominee for Lender and Lender's successors and assigns) and to the successors and assigns of

vapanany ety 38
Pago 3 of 17



‘Superior Court - Brist

Docket Number A ‘

MERS, with power of sale, the following described property located in the County of
BRISTOL :

(Name of Recording Jurisdiction)

_ SEE ISGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART HEREOF FOR ALL
PURPOSES,

Parcel ID Number: 0060-0559A

which currently has the address of

156 COUNTY ST (Street)
ATTLEBORO (Cily), Massachusetts 02703 (Zip Cade)
("Property Address"):

TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all casements,
appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the properly, All replacements and additions shall also
be covered by this Security Instrument, All of the foregoing Is referred to in this Securlty Instrument as the

! "Property." Borrower understands and agrees that MERS holds only legal title to the interests granted by
Borrower in this Security Instrument, but, if necessary to comply with law or custom, MERS (as nominee for
Lender and Lender's successors and assigns) has the right: to exercise any or ail of those interests, including,
but not limited to, the right to foreclose and sell the Property; avid to take any action required of Lender _
including, but not limited to, releasing and canceling this Security Instrument.

i BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully setsed of the estate hereby conveyed and has the right
to mortgage, grant and convey the Property and that the Property 1s unencumbered, except for encumbrances
of record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against afl claims and
demands, subject to any encumbrances of record,

THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform covenants
with limited varlations by jurisdiction ¢o constitute a uniform security instrument covering real properly,

UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:

1. Payment of Principal, Interest, Escrow Items, and Late Charges. Borrower shall pay when due
the principal of, and interest on, the debt evidenced by the Note and late charges due under the Note.
Borrower shall also pay funds for Escrow Items pursuant to Section 3, Payments due under the Note and
this Securlty Instrument shall be made in U.S, currency, However, If any check or other instrument

Me . vatpanoanytistaboe
Page 4



setdecoen Sisal

Docket Number

Bnces Soctonct Yap wana (i611) 00

received by Lender as payment under the Note or this Security Instrument is returned to Lender unpaid,
Lender may require that any or all subsequent payments due under the Note and this Security Instcument
be made in one or more of the following forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c)
certified check, bank check, treasurer's check or cashier's check, provided any such check is drawn upon
an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality, or entity; or (d) Electronic
Funds Transfer.

Payments are deemed received by Lender when received at the location designated in the Note or at suck
other location as may be designated by Lender in accordance with the notice provisions in Section 14,
Lender may return any payment or partial payment if the payment or partial payments are insufficient to
bring the Loan current. Lender may accept any payment or partial payment insufficient to bring the Loan
current, without waiver of any rights hereunder or prejudice to its rights to refuse such payment or
partial payments in the future, but Lender is not obligated to apply such payments at the time such
payments are accepted. If each Periodic Payment is applied as of its scheduled due date, then Lender
need not pay interest on unapplied funds. Lender may hold such unapplied funds until Borrower makes
payment to bring the Loan current. If Borcower does not do so within a reasonable period of time,
Londer shall either apply such funds or retura them to Borrower. If not applied earlier, such funds will
be applied to the outstanding principal balance under the Note Immediately prior (o foreclosure, No
offset or claim which Borrower might have now or in the future against Lender shall relieve Borrower
from making payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument or performing the-covenants and
agreements secured by this Security Instrument,

Application of Payments or Proceeds. Except as expressly stated otherwise In this Security
Instrument or the Note, all payments accepted and applied by Lender shall be applied in the following
order of priority: : -

First, to the Mortgage Insurance premiums to be paid by Lender to the Secretary or the monthly
charge by the Secretary instead of the monthly mortgage insurance premiums;

Second, to any taxes, special assessments, leasehold payments or ground rents, and fire, flood and
other hazard insurance premiums, as required; :

Third, to interest due under the Note;
Fourth, to amortization of the principal of the Note; and,
Fifth, to late charges due under the Note.

Any application of payments, insurance proceeds, or Miscellaneous Proceeds to principal due under the
Note shall not extend or postpone the due date, or change the amount, of the Periodic Payments. . -

Funds for Escrow Items. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the day Perlodic Payments are due under
the Note, until the Note is-paid in full, a sum (the "Funds") to provide for payment of amounts due for:
(a) taxes and assessments and other Items. which can attaln priority over thls Security Instrument as a lien
or encumbrance on the Property; (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Properly, if any; (c)
premiums for any and all Insurance required by Lender under Section 5; and (d) Mortgage Insurance
Premiums to be paid by Lender to the Secretary or the monthly charge by the Secretary instead of the
monthly Mortgage Insurance premiums, These items are called "Escrow Items," At originallon or at any
time during the term of the Loan, Lender may require that Community Association Dues, Fees, and



soe cour bisa

Docket Number , '

Assessments, if any, be escrowed by Borrower, and such dues, fees and assessments shall be an Escrow
Ttem. Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to be paid under this Section.
Borrower shall pay Lender the Funds for Escrow items unless Lender waives Borrower's obligation to
pay the Funds for any or all Escrow Items. Lender may waive Borrower's obligation to pay (0, Lender
Funds for any or all Escrow items at any time. Any such waiver may only be in writing, In the event of
such walver, Borrower shall pay directly, when and where payable, the amounts due for any Escrow

- Items for which payment of Funds has been waived by Lender and, if Lender requires, shall furnish to
Lender receipts evidencing such payment within such time period as Lender may require, Borrower's
obligation to make such payments and to provide receipts shall for all purposes be deemed to be a
covenant and agreement contained in this Security Instrument, as the phrase “covenant and agreement" is
used in Section 9, If Borrower is obligated to pay Escrow Items directly, pursuant ta a walver, and
Borrower falls to pay the amount due for an Escrow Item, Lender may exercise Its rights under Section 9
and pay such amount and Borrower shall then be obligated under Section 9 to repay to Lender any such
amount, Lender may revoke the walver as to any or all Escrow Items at any (Ime by a notice given in
accordance with Section 14 and, upon such revocation, Borrower shall pay to Lender all Funds, and in
such amounts, that are then required under this Section 3,

Lender may, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount (a) sufficient to permit Lender to apply
the Funds at the time specified under RESPA, and (b) not to exceed the maximum amount a lender can.
require under RESPA, Lender shall estimate the amount of Funds due on the basis of current data and
reasonable estimates of expenditures of fulure Escrow Items or otherwise in accordance with Applicable
Law.

The Funds shalt be held in an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality,
or entity (including Lender, if Lender is an institution whose deposits are so insured) or in any Federal
Home Loan Bank. Lender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items no later than the time specified
under RESPA. Lender shall not charge Borrower for holding and applying the Funds, annually analyzing
the escrow account, or verifying the Escrow Items, unless Lender pays Borrower interest on the Funds
and Applicable Law permits Lender to make such a charge. Unless an agreement is, made in writing or
Applicable Law requires interest to be patd on the Funds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower
any interest or earnings on the Funds, Borrower and Lender can agree in welling, however, that Interest
shall be paid on the Funds, Lender shall give to Borrower, without charge, an annuat accounting of the
Funds as required by RESPA,

Tf there is a surplus of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall account to Borrower
for the excess funds in accordance with RESPA, If there is a shortage of Funds held in escrow, as
defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay to
Lender the amount necessary to make up the shortage in accordance with RESPA, but in no more than 12
monthly payments. If there is a deficiency of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender.
shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to
make up the deficiency in accordance with RESPA, but in no more than 12 monthly payments,

Upon payment in full of all sums secured by. this Security Instrument, Lender shall promptly refund to
Borrower any Funds held by Lender,

161
woo



Superior Court -

ones as rl mu
Docket Number . .

4. Charges; Liens. Borrower shall pay all taxes, assessments, charges, fines, and impositlons attributable
to the Property which can attain priority over this Security Instrument, leaschold payments or ground
rents on the Properly, if any, and Community Associatlon Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any. To the
extent that these items are Escrow Items, Borrower shalt pay them in the manner provided in Section 3,

Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority aver this Security Instrument unless
Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner
acceptable to Lender, but only so long as Barrawer is performing such agreement; (b) contests the len in
good faith by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in Lender's opinion
operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien while those proceedings are pending, but only until such
Proceedings are concluded; or (c) secures from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender
subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any part of the Property is
subject to a Hen which can attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a
notice identifying the len. Within 10 days of the date on which that notice Js given, Borrower shall
satisfy the lien or take one or more of the actions set forth above in this Section 4.

5. Property Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter erected on the
Properly insured against loss by fire, hazards included within the term “extended coverage," and any
other hazards including, but not limited to, earthquakes and floods, for which Lender requires insurance,
This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts (Including deductible levels) and for the periods that
Lender requires. What Lender requires pursuant to the preceding sentences can change during the term of
the Loan. The insurance carrier providing the insurance shall be chosen by Borrower subject to Lender's
right to disapprove Borrower's choice, which right shall not be exercised unreasonably. Lender may
require Borrower to pay, in connection with this Loan, either: (a) a one-time charge for flood zone
determination, certification and tracking services; or (b) a one-time charge for flood zone determination
and certification services and subsequent charges each time remappings or similar changes occur which
reasonably might affect such determination or certification. Borrower shall also be responsible for the
payment of any fecs imposed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in connection with the
review of any flood zone determination resulting from an objection by Borrower.

If Borrower fails to maintain any of the coverages described above, Lender may obtain Insurance
coverage, at Lender's option and Borrower's expense. Lender is under no obligation to purchase any
particular type or amount of coverage. Therefore, such coverage shall cover Lender, but might or might
not protect Borrower, Borrower's equity in the Properly, or the contents of the Property, against any
tisk, hazard or liability and might provide greater or lesser coverage than was previously In effect.
Borrower acknowledges that the cost of the insurance coverage so obtained might significantly exceed the
cost of insurance (hat Borrower could have obtained.. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this
Section 5 shall become additional debt of Borrower secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts
shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of disbursement and shall be payable, with such interest,
upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting payment,

All insurance policies required by Lender and renewals of such policies shall be subject (o Lender's right
to disapprove such policies, shall include a standard mortgage clause, and shall name Lender .as
mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee. Lender shall have the right to liold the policies and renewal
certificates. If Lender requires, Borrower shall promptly give to Lender all receipts of paid premiums and
renewal notices. If Borrower obtains any form of insurance coverage, not otherwise required by Lender,
for damage to, or destructlon of, the Property, such policy shall include a standard morigage clause and

mii mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee.

ERs, ‘0/2018
Bones eet ie veer ier} 99



Ds led 42/1,
sata rr era
Docket Number

25 1590 AM

6.

In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier and Lender, Lender may
make proof of Joss if not made promptly by Borrower. Unless Lender and. Borrower otherwise agree in
writing, any insurance proceeds, whether or not the underlying insurance was required by Lender, shall
be applied to restoration or repair of the Property, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and
Lender's security is not lessened, During such repair and restoration perlod, Lender shall have the right
to hold such insurance proceeds until Lender has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure
the work has been completed to Lender's satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken
promptly. Lender may disburse proceeds for the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a serles
of progress payments as the work ts completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable
Law requires interest to be pald on such insurance proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay
Borrower any interest or earnings on such proceeds, Fees for public adjusters, or other third parties,
retained by Borrower shall not be paid’ out of the insurance proceeds and shall be the sole obligation of
Borrower. If the restoratlon or repair Is not economically feasible or Lender's security would be
lessened, the insurance proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument,
whether or not then due, with the excess, if any, pald to Borrower. Such insurance proceeds shall be
applied in the order provided for in Section 2,

If Borrower abandons the Property, Lender may file, negotiate and settle any available insurance claim
and related matlers, If Borrower does not respond within 30 days to a noticé from Lender that the
insurance carrier has offered to settle a claim, then Lender may negottate and settle the claim. The 30-day
period will begin when the notice is given. In either event, or if Lender acquires the Property under
Section 22 or otherwise, Borrower hereby assigns to Lender {a) Borrower's rights to any insurance
proceeds in an amount not to exceed the amounts unpaid under the Note or this Security Instrument, and
(b) any other of Borrower's rights (other than the right to any refund of unearned premiums paid by
Borrower) under all insurance policles covering the Properly, insofar as such rights are applicable to the
coverage of the Property. Lender may use the insurance proceeds either to repair or restore the Property
or to pay amounts unpaid under the Note or this Security Instrument, whether or not then due.

Occupancy. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence
within 60 days after the execution of this Security Instrument and shall continue to occupy the Property
as Borrower's principal resldence for at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless Lender
determines that this requirement shall cause undue hardship for tho Borrower or unless extenuating
circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower's control.

Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Inspections. Borrower shall not
destroy, damage or impair the Property, allow the Properly to deteriorate or commit waste on the
Praperty. Borrower shall maintain the Property in order to prevent the Properly from deteriorating or
decreasing in value due to its condition, Unless it is determined pursuant to Section 5 that repair or
restoration fs not economically feasible, Borrower shall promptly repair the Property if damaged to
avold further deterloration or damage. If Insurance or condenmation proceeds are paid in connection
with damage to the Property, Borrower shall be responsible for repairing or restoring the Property only
if Lender has released praceeds for such pucposes, Lender may disburse praceeds for the repairs and
restoration in a single payment or in a series of ‘progress payments as the work Is completed. If the
insurance or condemnation proceeds are not sufficient to repair or restore the Properly, Borrower is not
relleved of Borrower's obligation for the completion of such repair or restoration.

ah ERs, ,
Eancte Sottonat ee ; aso Cent) 29



Ds 13/1.
suerst Court
Docket Number

10.

nat

If condemnation proceeds are paid in connection with the taking of the property, Lender shall apply such
Proceeds to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note and this Securlty Instrument, first to any
delinquent amounts, and then to payment of principal. Any application of the proceeds to the principal
shall not extend or postpone the due date of the monthly payments or change the amount of such
payments,

Lender or its agent may make reasonable entries upon and inspections of the Properly, If it has
reasonable cause, Lender may inspect the interfor of the Improvements on the Properly. Lender shall give
Borrower notice at the time of or prior to such an interior Inspection specifying such reasonable cause.

Botrower's Loan Application. Borrower shall be in default if, during the Loan application process,
Borrower or any persons or entities acting at the direction of Borrower or with Borrower's knowledge or
consent gave materially false, misleading, or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to
provide Lender with material information) in-connectlon with the Loan. Materlal representations include,
but are not limited to, representations concerning Borrower's occupancy of the Property as Borrower's
principal residence.

Protection of Lender's Interest in the Property and Rights Under this Security Instrument. If
() Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements contained in thls Security Instrument, (b)
there is a legal proceeding that might significantly affect Lender's interest in the Property and/or rights
under this Security Instrument (such as a proceeding in -bankruptcy, probate, for condemnation or
forfelture, for enforcement of a lien which may attain priority aver this Sccurlty Instrument or to enforce
laws or regulations), or (c) Borrower has abandoned the Property, then Lender may do and pay for
whatever is reasonable or appropriate to protect Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this
Security Instrument, including protecting and/or asséssing the value of the Property, and securing and/or
repairing the Property. Lender's actions can Include, but are not limited to: {a) paying any sums secured
by a Hen which has prlority over this Security Instrument; (b) appearing in court; and (c) paying
reasonable attorneys' fees to protect {ts interest in the Property and/or rights under this Security
Instrument, including its secured position in a bankruptcy proceeding. Securing the Property includes,
but is not limited to, entering the Properly to make repairs, change locks, replace or board up doors and
windows, drain water from pipes, eliminate building or other code violations ar dangerous conditions,
and have utilitles turned on or off. Although Lender may take action under this Section 9, Lender does
not have to do so and is not under any duty or obligation to do so. It is agreed that Lender incurs no
lability for not taking any or all actions authorized under this Section 9. an

Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Section 9 shall become additional debt of Borrower secured
by this Security Instrument, These amounts shall bear interest al the Note rate from the date of
disbursement and shall be payable, with such interest, upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting
payment.

If this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall.comply with all the provisions of the lease.
If Borrower acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold and the fee title shall not merge unless
Lender agrees to the merger in writing,

Assignment of Miscellaneous Proceeds; Forfeiture, All Miscellaneous Proceeds are hereby
assigned to and shall be paid to Lender,

FHA Mortgago Wijh MERS.MA 3/30/2014
Bankers Systems'™ VMP Ch Sd



albicans

Docket Number 1

If the Property Is damaged, such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair of the
Property, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender's security is not lessened,
During such repair and restoration period, Lender shall have the right to. hold such Miscellaneous
Proceeds until Lender has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the work has been
completed (o Lender's satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken promptly. Lender
may pay for the repairs and restoration in a single disbursement or in a serles of progress payments as the
work is completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to he
pald on such Miscellaneous Proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any Interest or
earnings on such Miscellaneous Proceeds, If the restoration or repair is not economtcally feasible or
Lender's security would be lessened, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by
this Security Instrument, whether or not then due; with the excess, if any, pald to Borrower. Such
Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied in the order provided for in Section 2.

In the event of a total taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property, the Miscellaneous Proceeds
shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with the
excess, if any, pald to Borrower. :

In the event of a partial taking,. destruction, or loss in value of the Properly in which the fair market
value of the Properly immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is equal to or
greater than the amount of the sums secured by this Security Instrument immediately before the partial
taking, destruction, or loss in value, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the sums
secured by this Security Instrument shall be reduced by the amount of the Miscellancous Proceeds
multiplied by the following fractlon: (a) the total amount of the sums secured Immediately before the
partial taking, destruction, or loss In value divided by (hb) the fair market value of the Property
immediately before the parttal taking, destruction, or Joss in value. Any balance shall be pald to
Borrower,

In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property in which the fair market
value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is less than the
amount of the sums secured immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value, unless
Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the Miscellancous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums
secured by this Security Instrument whether or not the sums are then due.

If the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if, after notice by Lender to Borrower that the Opposing
Pasty (as defined in the next sentence) offers to make an award to seftle a claim for damages, Borrower
fails to respond to Lender within 30 days after the date the notice 1s given, Lender is authorized to collect
and apply the Miscellaneous Proceeds clther to restoration or repair of the Property or to the sums
secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, “Opposing Party" means the third parly
that owes Borrower Miscellaneous Proceeds or the party against whom Borrower has a right of action in
regard to Miscellaneous Proceeds.

Borrower shall be in default if any action or proceeding, whether clvil or criminal, is begun that, In
Lender's judgment, could result in forfeiture of the Property or other material impairment of Lender's
interest in the Property or rights under this Security Instrument, Borrower can cure such a default and, if
acceleration has occurred, reinstate as provided in Section 18, by causing the actlon or proceeding to be
dismissed with a ruling that, in Lender's judgment, precludes forfeiture of the Property or other material
impairment of Lender's interest in the Properly or rights under this Security Instrument. The proceeds of

Moregaga With e/aai2034
Borxers Syston Ghie aee* Vip aN(MA) (1611).00
Wolters Financial Services Pas toar tt



12/1/2025 12:90 AM
sees ee

Docket Number : . .

any award or claim for damages that are attributable to the impairment of Lender's’ interest in the
Property are hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender, °

All Miscellaneous Proceeds that are not applied to restoration or repair of the Property shall be applied in
the order provided for in Section.2,

11. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time for payment
or modificatlon of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to
Borrower or any Successor in Interest of Borrower shal! not operate to release the lability of Borrower or
any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against
any Successor in Interest of Borrower or to refuse to extend time for payment or otherwise modify
amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument hy reason of any demand made by the
original Borrower or any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising
any right or remedy including, without limitation, Lender's acceptance of payments from third persons,
entities or Successors in Interest of Borrower or in amounts less than the amount then duc, shall not be a
waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.

12. Joint and Several Liability; Co-signers; Successors and Assigns Bound. Borrower covenants and
agrees that Borrower's obligations and Hability shall be Joint and several. However, any Borrower who
co-signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note {a “co-signer"); (a) is co-signing this
Securlty Instrument only to mortgage,-grant and convey the co-signer's interest in the Property under the
terms of this Security Instrument; (b) ts not personally obligated to pay the sums secured by this Security
Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower can agree to exlend, modify, forbear or
make any accommodations with regard to the terms of thls Security Instrument or the Note without the
co-signer's consent.

Subject to the provisions of Section 17, any Successor in Interest of Borrower who assumes Borrower's
obligations under this Security Instrument in writing, and 1s approved by Lender, shall obtain all of
Borrower's rights and benefits under this Security Instrument. Borrower shall not be released from
Borrower's obligations and llability under this Security Instrument unless Lender agrees to such release
in writing. The covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument shall bind (except as provided in
Section 19) and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender.

Loan.Charges, Lender may charge Borrower fees-for services performed in connection with Borrower's
default, for the purpose of protecting Lender's Interest in the: Property and rights under this Security
Instrument, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees, property inspection and valuation fees. Lender
tay collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary, Lender may not charge fees that are expressly
prohibited by this Security Instrument or by Applicable Law,

Tf the Loan is subject to a law which sets maximum loan charges, and that Jaw Is finally interpreted so
that the interest or other loan charges collected or to be collected in connectlan with the Loan exceed the -
permitted limits, then; (a) any such loan charge shall be reduced by the amount necessary to reduce the
charge to the permitted limit; and (b) any sums already. collected from Borrower which exceeded
permitted limits will be refunded to Borrower. Lender may choose to make this refund by reducing the
principal owed under the Note or by making a direct payment to Borrower, If a refund reduces. principal,
the reduction will be treated as a partlal prepayment with no changes in the due date or in the monthly
payment amount unless the Lender agrees In writing to those changes. Borrower's acceptance of any such

HA Me fith MERS 9130/2014
Bones Sustence Vp ViPaninaay 611.09

13,



12/1
‘Superi ea
Docket Number

FHA Mi MERS.MA
Bence saat Vee

refund made by direct payment to Borrower will constitute a waiver of any right of action Borrower
might have arising out of such avercharge,

Notices. All notices glven by Borrower or Lender in connection with this security Instrument must be in
writing. Any notice (o Borrower in connection with this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have
been given to Borrower when mailed by first class mail or when actually delivered to Borrower's notice
address if sent by other means. Notice to any one Borrower shall constitute notice to all Borrowers unless
Applicable Law expressly requires otherwise, The notice address shall be the Properly Address unless
Borrower has designated a substitute notice address by notice to Lender. Borrower shall promptly
notify Lender of Borrower's change of address. If Lender specifies a procedure for reporting Borrower's
change of address, then Borrower shall only report a change of ‘address through that specified procedure.
There may be only one designated notice address under this Security Instrument at any one time, Any
notice to Lender shall be given by delivering it or by mailing it by first-class mail to Lendor's address
stated herein unless Lender has designated another address by notice to Borrower. Any notice in
connection with this Security Instrument shall not he deemed to have been given to Lender until actually
received by Lender. If any notice required by this Security Instrument is also required under Applicable
Law, the Applicable Law requirement will satisfy the corresponding requirement under this Security
Instrument,

Governing Law; Severability; Rules of Construction. This Security Instrument shall be governed by
federat law and the law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. All rights and obligations
contained in this Security Instrument are subject to any requirements and limitations of Applicable Law.
Applicable Law might explicitly or implicitly allow the partles to agree by contract or it might be silent,
but such silence shall not be construed as a prohibition against agreement by contract. In the event tliat
any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the Note conflicts with Applicable Law, such
conflict shall not affect other provisions of (his Security Instcument or the Note which can be given effect
without the conflicting provision,

As used in this Security Instrument: (a) words of the masculine gender shall mean and include
corresponding neuter words or words of the feminine gender; (b) words in the singular shall mean and
include the plural and vice versa; and {c) the word "may" gives sole discretion without any obligation to
take any action.

Borrower's Copy. Borrower shall be given one copy of the Note and of this Security Instrument.

Transfer of the Property or a Beneficial Interest in Borrower. As used in this Section 17, "Interest
in the Property" means any legal or beneficial interest in the Property, fncluding, but not limited to,
those beneficfal Interests transferred in a bond for deed, contract for deed, installment sales contract or
escrow agreement, the intent of which is the transfer of title by Borrower at a future date to a purchaser,

If all or any part of the Property or any Interest in the Property is sold or transferred (or if Borrower is
not a natural person and a beneftcial interest in Borrower is sold or transferred) without Lender's prior
written consent, Lender may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security
Instrument. However, this aption shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited. by
Applicable Law.



fat
Bicieaa
Docket Number

18,

19.

If Lender exercises this option, Lender ‘shall give Borrower notice.of acceleration. The notice shall
provide a period of not less than 30 days from the date the notice is given in accordance with Section 14
within which Borrower must pay ali sums secured by this Security Instrument. If Borrower fails to pay
these stims prior to the expiration of this period, Lender may invoke any remedies permitted by this
Security Instrument without further notice or demand on Borrower,

Borrower's Right to Reinstate After Acceleration. If Borrower meets certain conditions, Borrower
shall have the right to reinstatement of a mortgage. Those conditions are that Borrower: (a) pays Lender
all sums which then would be due under this Security Insteument and the Note as if no acceleration had
occurred; {b) cures any default of any other covenants or agreements; (c) pays all expenses incurred in
enforcing this Security Instrument, including, but not limited to, reasonable atforneys' fees, property
inspection and valuation fees, and other fees incurred for the purpose of protecting Lender's interest in
the Property and rights under this Security Instrument; and (d) takes such action as Lender may
reasonably require to assure that Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this Security
Instrument, and Borrower's obligation to pay the sums secured by this Security Instrument, shall
continue unchanged. However, Lender is not required to reinstate if: (i) Lender has accepted
reinstatement after the commencement of foreclosure proceedings within two years immediately
preceding the commencement of a current foreclosure proceeding; (II) reinstatement will preclude
foreclosure on different grounds in the future; or (iii) reinstatement will’ adversely affect the priority of
the Hen created by this Security Instrument. Lender may require that Borrower pay such reinstatement
sums and expenses in one or more of the following forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b} money
order; (c) certified check, bank check, treasurer's check or cashier's check, provided any such check Is
drawn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instcumentality or entity; or
(@) Electronic Funds Transfer. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and obligations
secured hereby shall remain fully effective as 1f no acceleration had accurred,. However, this right to
relistate shall not apply in the case of acceleration under Section 17,

Sale of Note; Change of Loan Servicer; Notice of Grievance. The Note or a parilal interest in the
Note (together with this Security Instrument) can be sold one or more times without prior notice to
Borrower. A sale might result in a change in the entity (known as the "Loan Servicer") that collects
Periodic Payments due under the Note and this Security Insirument and performs other mortgage loan
servicing obligations under the Note, this Security Instrument, and Applicable Law. There also might be
one or more changes of the Loan Servicer unrelated to a sale of the Note. If there Is a change of the Loan
Servicer, Borrower will be given written notice of the change which will state the name and address of
the new Loan Servicer, the address to which payments should be made and any other information RESPA
requires in connection with a notice of transfer of servicing. If the Note fs sold and thereafter the Loan is
serviced by a Loan Servicer other than the purchaser of the Note, the mortgage loan servicing obligations
to Borrower will remain with the Loan Servicer or be transferred to a successor Loan Servicer and are
not assumed by the Note purchaser unless otherwise provided by the Note purchaser,

Neither Borrower nor Lender may commence, join, or be Joined to any Judicial actlon (as either an
individual litigant or the member of a class) that arises from the other party's actions pursuant to this
Security Instrument or that alteges that the other party has breached any provision of, or any duty owed
by reason of, this Security Instrument, until such. Borrower or Lender has notified the other party (with
such notice given in compliance with the requirements of Section 14) of such alleged breach and afforded
the other parly hereto a reasonable period after the giving of such notice to take corrective action.

e/s0r2014
Pe a pana Ui MERS.MA Vanranigay CST) 99

Financial Serlcos - 17



ote ohht Baa

Docket Number

20.

21.

Tf Applicable Law provides a time period which must elapse before certain action can be taken, that time
pericd will be deemed to be reasonable for purposes of this Section, The notice of acceleration and
opportunity to cure given'to Borrower pursuant to Section 22 and the notice of acceleration given to
Borrower pursuant to Section 17 shall be deemed to satisfy the notice and opportunity to take corrective
action provisions of this Section 19.

Borrower Not Third-Party Beneficiary to Contract of Insurance, Mortgage Insurance reimburses
Lender {or any entity that purchases the Note) for certain losses {t may incur if Borrower does not repay
the Loan as agreed, Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Borrower is not a third party beneficlary
to the contract of insurance between the Secretary and Lender, nor is Borrower entitled to enforce any
agreement between Lender and the Secretary, unless explicitly authorized to do so by Applicable Law,

Hazardous Substances. As used in this Section 21: (a) "Hazardous Substances" are thase substances
defined as toxic or hazardous substances, pollutants, or wastes by Environmental Law and the following
substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products, toxic pesticides and
herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and radioactive materials;
(b) “Environmental Law" means federal laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located
that relate to health, safety or environmental protection; (c) "Environmental Cleanup" includes any
response acilon, remedial action, or removal action, as defined in Environmental Law; and (d) an
"Environmental Condition" means a condition that can cause, contribute to, or otherwise (rigger an
Environmental Cleanup.

Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of any Hazardous
Substances, or threaten to release any Hazardous Substances, on or in the Property. Borrower shall not
do, nor allow anyone else to do, anything affecting the Property (a) that is in violation of any
Environmental Law, (b) which creates an Environmental Condition, or-(c) which, due to the presence,
use, or release of a Hazardous Substance, creates a condition that adversely affects the value of the
Property, The preceding two sentences shall not apply to the presence, use, or storage on the Property of
small quantities of Hazardous Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate to normal
residential uses and to maintenance of the Property (including, but not limited to, hazardous substances
in consumer products).

Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of (a) any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or
other action by any governmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any
Hazardous Substance or Environmental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge, (b) any
Envlranmental Condition, including but not Imited to, any spilling, leaking, discharge, release or threat
of release of any Hazardous Substance, and (c) any condition caused by the presence, use or release of a
Hazardous Substance which adversely affects the value of the Property. If Borrower learns, ar is notified
by any governmental or regulatory authority, or any private party, that any removal or other remediation
of any Hazardous Substance affecting the Property Js necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all
necessary remedial actions in accordance with Environmental Law. Nothing herein shall create any
obligation on Lender for an Environmental Cleanup,

Wh MERE A ‘ysor2014
banars spate Ue areata) (151108
Wolters Kluwer Financial Services Paya 14 of

saga 14 of 17


supa comt Brot

Docket Number

22.

NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:

Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice to Borrower prior to acceleration following
Borrower's breach of any covenant or agreement in this Security Instrument (but not prior to
acceleration under Section 17 unless Applicable Law provides otherwise). The notice shall specify:
(a) the default; (b) the action required to cure the default; (c) a date, not less than 30 days from the
date the notice is given to Borrower, by which the default must be cured; and (d) that failure to
cure the default on or before the date specified in the notice may result'in acceleration of the sums
secured by this Security Instrument and sale of the Property, The notice shall further inform
Borrower of the right to reinstate after acceleration ‘and the right to bring a court action to assert
the non-existence of a default or any other defense of Borrower to acceleration and sale. If the
default is not cured on or before the date specified in the notice, Lender at its option may require
immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument without further demand
and may Invoke the STATUTORY POWER OF SALE and any other remedies. permitted by
Applicable Law. Lender shall be entitled to colicct all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies
provided in this Section 22, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of
le evidence, .

If Lender invokes the STATUTORY POWER OF SALE, Lender shall mail a copy of a notice of
sale to Borrower, and to other persons prescribed by Applicable Law, in the manner provided by
Applicable Law. Lender shall publish the notice of sale, and the Property shall be sold in the
manner prescribed by Applicable Law, Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at any
sale. The proceeds of the sale shall be applied in the following order: (a) to all expenses of the sale,
including, but not Hmited to, reasonable attorneys' fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security
Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitted to it.

» Release. Upon payment of all sums secured by his Security Instrument, Lender shall release this

Security Instrument. Borrower shall pay any recordation costs, Lender may charge Borrower a fee for
releasing this Security Instrument, but only if the fee is paid to a third party for services rendered and
the charging of the fee is.permitted under Applicable Law,

Subordination of Homestead and Waivers. If Borrower heretofore has acquired or hereafter acquires
an estate of homestead In the Property, Borrower hereby agrees, to the greatest extent permitted by
Applicable Law, that such homestead estate is subordinated In all respécts to this Security Justrument and
the amount due under the Note and to all renewals, extensions and modifications of this Security
Instrument or the Note, and that said homestead estate is subject to all of the rights of Lender under this
Security Instrument and the Note and all renewals, extensions and modifications of this Security
Instrument and the Note, and is subordinate to the len evidenced by this Security Instrument, and ail
renewals, extensions and modifications of this Security Instrument. Borrower waives and relinquishes all
sights of curtesy and dower in the Property.

Attorneys' Fees, As used in this Security Instrument and the Notc, attorneys’ fees shall include those
awarded by an appellate court and any altorneys' fees incurred in a bankruptcy proceeding.

Eanes Slant Yap VMPANIMAY -


steak Bt

Docket Number ‘

BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and cov! contained in this Security
Instrument and in any Rider executed by Borrower and recorded with it.

. (Seal)

Wa CUMMINGS Borrower

(Seal) (Seal)
~Borrower Borrower
(Seal) : (Seal)
Borrower Borrower
(Seal) (Seal)
-Borrower . -Borrower



Sale ded 39/1/4025

Superior Court
Docket Number

es Hea90 AM

~ Acknowledgment telat
State of i cow
County of (an A

On =n ommes mes ; before me, the undersigned notary public, personally appeared
NOADIA CUMMINGS AND CUMMINGS .

proved to me through satisfactory evidence of identification, which were ttS WAS
to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are signed on the preceding or attached document, and acknowledged to

Mme that he/she/they signed it voluntarily for its stated purpose,

Mi— és Richard S. Gilmore, Jr.

— Notary Publlo
Notary Public y ‘COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS |
; |Z Be My Commission Expires

My commission expires: December 20, 2024

LOAN ORIGINATION ORGANIZATION: FAIRWAY INDEPENDENT MORTGAGE CORFORATION
NMLS ID: 2289

LOAN ORIGINATOR: UCAS J. MOGARY

NMLS ID; 1700830

1A Mort MEI
Bones Stare Vie pana 811.99


sibetdcon Bhat

Docket Number

Exhibit A - Property Description
Closing Date: June 22, 2021
Borrower(s): Joshua Cummings and Noadia Cummings
Property Address: 756 County Street, Attleboro, MA 02703

The land in Attleboro being shown as Lot No. 2 on a plan titled "Plan of Land in Attleboro, MA
prepared for Normand Lemieux prepared by W.T. Whalen Engineering Co.", dated December
19, 2006 and recorded March 9, 2007 in the Bristol County North Registry of Deeds at Plan
Book 455, Page 80,


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

EXHIBIT D


ee ee ee

~ On 12/23/2022, before me, Jillian Keitz, Notary Public, personally appeared Danie
ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION SYSTEMS, INC., AS MORTGAGEE, AS NOMINE
CORPORATION, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, personally known to me to
within instrument and acknowledged to. me that she/he/they signed it voluntarily fo
her/his/their authorized capacity(ies), and that by her/his/their signature(s) on the it
which the person(s) acted, executed the instrument.

Witness my hand and official seal.

2) Dou. Vy, , NOTARY PI

‘seen te EE L
Notary Public: Jillian Keitz ; a, co
My Commission Expires: 03/04/2023 :

Commission #: 01KE6388266


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

EXHIBIT E


MAN fe REE Mrweeny ereon eunewae ae BSE FO En See Us sao “mae Sr

address is 451 Seventh Street, SW, Washington, DC 20410 (“Lender”). Borrower owes
Ten Thausand Sixty Five and 91/100ths Dollars (11.8. $10,065.91). This deht is ev
dated the same date as this Security Instrument {“Note™), which provides for the full det
payable on July 1, 2081. This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment
Note, and all renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note; ¢b) the payment of ull
Paragraph 7 to protect the security of this Security Instrument; and (c) the performance «
agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower dot
grant and. convey to the Lender, with the power of sale the following described pro
County, MASSACHUSETTS:

SEE EXHIBIT “A" ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART HEREOF:
which has the address of 756 COUNTY ST, ATTLEBORO, MA 02703, (Property Ac

This Mortgage is subordinate tv the Mortgage between NOADIA CUMMINGS AN:
WIFE AND HUSBAND, AS TENANCY BY ENTIRETY (Borrower), and MO’
REGISTRATION SYSTEMS, INC. ACTING SOLELY AS NOMINEE FOR FA
MORTGAGE CORPORATION (Lender), datcd Juac 22, 2021 and recorded on
property records of BRISTOF. County in Book, Volume, or Liber No. 27119, ac Page ¢
00034615)in the amount of $471,306.00, as assigned and/or modified, if applicable.

Mussachusetts Mortgage-Single Family
Page tof 6


Instrument or the Note without that Borrawer’s consent.

4. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument st
or by mailing it by first class mail untess applicable law requires use of another method.
to the Property Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender. 4
given by first class mail to: Department of Housing and Urban Development, Atte
Branch, 451 Seventh Street, SW, Washington, DC 20410 or any address Lender design
Any notice provided for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given
given as provided in this paragraph.

5, Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be governed
of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. In the event that any provisior
Instrument or the Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect othe
Instrument or the Note which can be given effect without the conflicting Provision. To tl
Security Instrument and the Note are declared to be severable,

Massachusetts Mortgage-Single Family
Page 2 of 6



Security Instrument, but only if the fee is paid to a third party for services rendered ai
permitted under Applicable Law.

9. Subordination of Homestead and Waivers. If Borrower heretofore has ac
an estate of homestead in the Property, Borrower hereby agrees, to the greatest extent pi
that such homestead estate is subordinated in all respects to this Security Instrument ar
Note and to all renewals, extensions and modifications of this Security Instrument
homestead estate is subject to all of the rights of Lender. under this Security Instru
renewals, extensions and modifications of this Security Instrument and the Note, an
evidenced by this Security Instrument, and all renewals, extensions and modifications
Borrower waives and relinquishes all rights of curtesy and dower in the Property.

Massachusetts Mortgage-Single Family
Page.3 of 6


To witness whereof [ hereunto set nvy hand and official seal.

FH Notaru
%,. ow. oe i Title of Officer—J
DRY woes
%, oe eeng et?
(Sealy yA OF Mao

Hen”

My Commission Expires: ld *

Massachusetts Mortgage-Single Fumily
. Puge 4 of 6



Massachosetts Mortgage-Single Family
Page Saf 6



Massachusetts Martgage-Single Family .
Page 6 of 6



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

EXHIBIT F


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&& Bank

JOSHUA CUMMINGS
756 COUNTY ST :
ATTLEBORO MA 02703

it Processing: P.O. Box 62182, Baltimore; MD 21264-2182
Notices of Error or Information Requests: M&qT Bank, P.O. Box 62986, Baltimore, MD 21264-2986
Mortgage account information: 1 800 724 1633, just a click away at mtb.com.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&i? Bank

This is an important notice concerning your right to live in your home. Have it translated at once.

* Esta carta explica sus derechos legales para permanecer en su propiedad de vivienda.

Por favor traduzca esta notificacion inmediatamente.

* Este é um aviso importante em relagao ao seu dereito de morar na sua residéncia.
Por favor, tem tradizido imediatamente.

% C'est une notification importante concernant votre droit de vivre chez vous. Faites-la
traduire immédiatement.

> REMARKABLE, TRIES -

90 Day Right to Cure Your Mortgage Default

JOSHUA CUMMINGS

756 COUNTY ST

ATTLEBORO MA 02703

RE: 756 COUNTY ST, ATTLEBORO MA 02703

Loan:

ith Fairway Independent Mortgage Corporation.

To JOSHUA CUMMINGS:

December 29, 2022

Via Certified and Regular Mail

We are contacting you because you did not make your monthly loan payment(s) due on 11/0 1/2022 through
12/29/2022 to M&T Bank. You must pay the past due amount of $6,328.05 on or before 03/29/2023 which
is 90 days from the date of this notice. The past due amount on the date of this notice is specified on the

following page(s):
Unpaid e Payments (Principal and Interest)
Description Date Assessed Amount
P&I 11/1/2022 $2,018.96
P&l 12/1/2022 $2,018.96

$4,037.92



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM _
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&TBank

Applicable Unpaid Escrow Contributions
Description Date Assessed Amount
Escrow 11/1/2022 $1,034.24
Escrow 12/1/2022 $1,034.21
: $2,068.42 ~
LATE CHARGE
Date’ Amount
Assessed Assessed
10/17/2022 $60.57
11/16/2022 $60.57
12/16/2022 $60.57
Assessed: $181.71

PROPERTY INSPECT
Date Amount
Assessed Assessed

11/25/2022 : $20.00
12/27/2022 $20.00
Assessed: $40.00

If you pay the past due amount, and any additional monthly payments, late charges or fees that may become due
between the date of this notice and the date when you make your payment, your account will be considered up-to-
date and you can continue to make your regular monthly payments.

Make your payment directly to:

M&T Bank
P.O, Box 62182
Baltimore, MD 21264-2182

Please consider the following:

You should contact the Homeownership Preservation Foundation (1-888-995-HOPE) to speak with counselors
who can provide assistance and may be able to help you work with your lender to avoid foreclosure. There may
be other homeownership assistance available through your lender or servicer;

¢ Ifyou are a MassHousing borrower, you may also contact MassHousing (1-888-843-6432) to determine if you are
eligible for additional assistance. There may be other homeownership assistance available through your lender or
servicer;

« You may also contact the Division of Banks (1-800-495-2265) or visit www.mass.gov/foreclosures to find a
foreclosure prevention program near you; .

¢ — After 03/29/2023 you can still avoid foreclosure by paying the total past due balance before a foreclosure sale
takes place. Depending on the terms of the loan, there may also be other ways to avoid foreclosure, such as selling
your property, refinancing your loan, or voluntarily transferring ownership of the property to M&T Bank.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol:
Docket Number

M&f Bank

If you do not pay the total past due amount of $6,328.05 and any additional payments that may become due
by 03/29/2023 you may be evicted from your home after a-foreclosure sale. If LAKEVIEW LOAN

SERVICING, LLC forecloses on this property, it means the mortgagee or a new buyer will take over the
ownership of your home.

If you have questions, or disagree with the calculation of your past due balance, please contact M&T Bank at 1-800-
724-1633 or by mail - Attention: Homeowner Assistance Center, P.O. Box 840, Buffalo, NY 14240.

Sincerely,

Jeremy Kirsh

Homeowner Assistance Center

Hours: Mon.-Thur. 8am-9pm; Friday 8am-Spm; Saturday 8am-12pm EST
Phone: 1-800-724-1633

Fax: 1-855-678-0866

Enclosed with this notice, there may be additional important disclosures related to applicable laws and requirements
that you should carefully review: .

REGULATORY AUTHORITY M.G.L. c. 244, §35A.

M&T Bank is attempting to collect a debt and any information obtained will be used for that purpose. To the extent
your original obligation was discharged, or is subject to an automatic stay of bankruptcy under Title 11 of the United
States Code, this correspondence is for compliance or informational purposes only and does not constitute an attempt
to collect a debt or to impose personal liability for such obligation. However, M&T Bank retains rights under its
security instrument, including the right to foreclose its lien.

Your mortgagee is:

LAKEVIEW LOAN SERVICING, LLC
4425 PONCE DE LEON BLVD
CORAL GABLES, FL 33146

Failure to cure the default on or before the date specified in this notice may result in acceleration of the sums secured
by the Mortgage and sale of the Property.

You have the right to bring a court action to assert the non-existence of a default or any other applicable defense to
acceleration and sale. You have the right to reinstate your loan account after acceleration. Notwithstanding any

~ imitation or any other provision in your mortgage to the contrary, you may reinstate your loan and avoid foreclosure
by paying the total past-due amount at any time before the foreclosure sale occurs.

It should be noted that under the terms of your Mortgage, in any. foreclosure proceedings, all expenses allowed by
law: which may include reasonable attomey's fees and other costs relating to the default and the foreclosure may be



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&P Bank

collected. Please refer to your loan documents or consult an attomey conceming the rights and obligations you have
in connection with the default described above.

You may be eligible for assistance from the Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency and/or the Massachusetts
Division of Banks. You may call the following toll-free numbers to request assistance: 1-888-995-HOPE
(Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency) or 1-800-495-2265 (Massachusetts Division of Banks).

If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact M&T Bank at 1-800-724-1633.

CL229



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&qT Bank

+ This is an important notice concerning your right to live in your home. Have it translated at once.

~ Esta carta explica sus derechos legates para permanecer en su propledad de vivienda. Por favor traduzca esta
Notificacion imediatamente.

% Este é um aviso importante em relagio ao seu dereito de morar na sua residéncia. Por favor, tem tradizido
imediatamente.

% Gest une notification importante concernant votre droit de vivre chez vous. Faites-la traduire
immédiatement.

* KE MANOR ERINERIEA, RRAHEBHE -

NOTICE OF RIGHT TO REQUEST A MODIFIED MORTGAGE LOAN

December 29, 2022
via Certified and Regular Mail

JOSHUA CUMMINGS

756 COUNTY ST

ATTLEBORO MA 02703

RE: 756 COUNTY ST, ATTLEBORO MA 02703; Looe M&T Bank,
Dear Mortgage Customer(s):

We are contacting you because our records indicate that you are eligible to request a modification of your
mortgage with M&T Bank. If you want to request a loan modification or other foreclosure alternative option,
you must complete and return the enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form along with any supporting
information no later than 01/28/2023. The Mortgage Modification Options form and any supporting documents
must be returned by certified mail or similar service to M&T Bank. We will respond to your request within 30
days of its receipt.

Please be aware this notice of the Right to Request a Modified Mortgage Loan is different from the Right to
Cure Your Mortgage Default notice that you may have already received. The enclosed Mortgage Modification
Options form provides you with four choices. These choices impact the options under the Right to Cure notice
and should be carefully considered. If you do not want to request a loan modification, you must still return the
enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form. Please keep a copy of everything you send to us and keep proof
of mailing the materials to us.

If you do not return the enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form and a completed loan
modification application by 01/28/2023, your right to cure your mortgage default will end on 03/29/2023.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&iT Bank -

Ifyou have questions, please contact M&T Bank at 1-800-724-1633 or P.O. Box 840 Buffalo, NY 14240. If you
would like assistance from the Attorney General’s Office, you may contact the HomeCorps hotline at 1-617-
573-5333 to speak with a loan modification specialist who can assist you. We suggest you mention this notice
when you call.

Sincerely,

M&T Bank

Homeowner Assistance Center

Hours: Mon.-Thur. 8am-9pm; Friday 8am-5pm; Saturday gam-12pm EST
Phone: 1-800-724-1633

Fax: 1-855-678-0866

ce: Office of the Massachusetts Attorney General
Attention: HomeCorps Director
One Ashburton Place
Boston, MA 02108

Enclosed with this notice, there may be additional important disclosures related to applicable laws and
requirements that you should carefully review. :

Enclosures: ,
« Mortgage Modification Options form
© Borrower Financial Report
© Required Documents for Loan Modification Application (as listed in the attached packet)



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&PBank

MORTGAGE MODIFICATION OPTIONS
You must return this form in the enclosed envelope by 01/28/2023.

JOSHUA CUMMINGS
756 COUNTY ST
ATILEBORO MA 02703

"RE: 756 COUNTY ST, ATTLEBORO MA 02703; loan [MB itn Mar Bank.
To JOSHUA CUMMINGS:

You must check one of the following boxes to notify M&T Bank of how you would like to proceed,

(11 would like to request a loan modification. I have attached a complete statement of my income and list of
assets, total debts, and obligations as requested by the creditor in the form(s) which accompanied the Right to
Request a Modified Mortgage Loan Notice. I maintain my right to a 90 day period to cure my mortgage default.

. CI would like to request a different foreclosure alternative such as a short sale or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. I
maintain my right to a 90 day period to cure my mortgage default.
1 do not want to request a loan, modification or any foreclosure alternative. I maintain my right to a 90 day
period to cure my mortgage default.

(I want to waive my right to cure the default on my mortgage loan and proceed to foreclosure. I understand
that by choosing this option I waive my right to the 90 day cure period.

Borrower Name Date

Borrower Telephone Number

CL984



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

M&I& Bank

Dear Mortgage Customer(s):

To be considered for a full loss mitigation evaluation, you will need to provide M&T Bank with the required
financial information requested in this package and complete the enclosed forms. Upon receipt of your
documentation, we will be able to begin our review to determine if you qualify for a loss mitigation option in
accordance with investor guidelines,

Important

Investor guidelines may require that we review your file for home retention options first. If you qualify for a home
retention option based on your investor guidelines, you may not be qualified to participate in a Pre-foreclosure Sale
program.

Getting Started .
Please refer to the next page of this workout package, for a checklist of the documents you are required to complete
and return to us. The Borrower Financial Report and other required documents can be sent back to us by Email in
PDF form, Fax, or mail as indicated below.

Email: opsmtgsupport@mtb.com (in PDF format)
Fax: 1-855-678-0866
Mail: M&T Bank, P.O. Box 840, Buffalo, NY 14240

It is imperative that you submit all of the required information to us within 14 days from the date of this letter. Our
ability to review your request will depend on your timely and complete response to this letter. It is possible that after
our review, additional information may be requested from you. A decision will be reached within thirty (30) days
from the date M&T Bank receives all of the required documentation to determine if any loss mitigation options are
available. If applicable, this would include approval from the mortgage insurance company. If there are any other
mortgage loans secured by the above property, please contact that servicer to discuss any available loss mitigation
options.

Until a decision is made with respect to your loss mitigation assistance request, you may still receive notices, and
you should make every attempt to continue making your contractual payments diring the review process. There is a
possibility that the foreclosure process may commence/continue. If you do not intend to retain ownership of your
home, understand that the owner of your loan requires that all properties be maintained until closing, Please keep the
property in good condition and repair.

Ifyou need any assistance or have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact our Single Point of Contact Team
at 1-800-724-1633, Please note, if you have not received Consumer Credit Counseling, you should contact HUD-
approved credit counseling for assistance. To contact one of these agencies in your area, please call 1-800-569-4287
or visit http:/Avww.hud.gov/counseling,

Sincerely,

Single Point of Contact Team

Homeowner Assistance Center

Hours: Mon.-Thur. 8am-9pm; Friday 9am-Spm EST Phone: 1-800-724-1633
Fax: 1-855-678-0866,

M&T Bank is attempting to collect a debt and any information obtained will be used for that purpose. To the extent
your original obligation was discharged, or is subject to an automatic stay of bankruptcy under Title 11 of the United
States Code, this correspondence is for compliance or informational purposés only and does not constitute an
attempt to collect a debt or to impose personal liability for such obligation. However, M&T Bank retains rights
under its security instrument, including the right to foreclose its lien. .

Payment Processing: P.O. Box 62182, Baltimore, MD 21264-2182
Notices of Error or Information Requests: M&T Bank, P.O. Box 62986, Baltimore, MD 21264-2986
Mortgage account information: 1 800 724 1633, just a click away at mtb.com.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

M&if Bank

The below forms are required documents, These mast be completed and signed by all borrowers:

___ Borrower Financial Report (710 Form for FHA loans) (attached in this package)
___ IRS Form 4506-C (this allows us to verify tax retum information) (attached in this package)

You must also submit:

____ Checking and Savings Account(s) Statements for the last two months
___ Proof of all household income (Refer to 710 Form for additional document requirements)
- Most recent paystubs for the past 30 days including year to date income
- Wage Earner Questionnaire for W2 wage earners
- Award letters and Monthly Statements (for income such as Social Security, Retirement, Unemployment)
- Court Orders (for income such.as Alimony and Child Support)
- Lease Agreements for Real Estate/Rental Income
- Signed / Notarized letters for Non-Borrower Contribution
- Profit and Loss Statement Tempiate (attached in this package: you are only required to complete this if you
are self-employed)
- Other documentation to evidence income sources not listed above.

If you do not intend to maintain ownership of the property, the following information may be required to fully
evaluate you for other non- home retention options. Please see the attached Pre-Foreclosure Sale Information Sheet
for more information if you are unable to maintain ownership of your property. If you have any of the below, please
include them in your Loss Mitigation Application:

MAT Bank Arm’s Length Addendum (attached herein: must be signed & dated by the selier(s) & buyer(s))
___ Listing Agreement (current, non-expired listing agreement signed and dated by the sellers)
__.. Current MLS print out
Signed Authorization for a 3rd Party
____ Parchase Contract (signed and dated by the seller(s) and buyer(s))
___ Preliminary HUD-1 Settlement Statement
___ Buyer’s Pre-approval Letter or Proof of Funds for a Cash Offer

CL435

Payment Processing: P.O. Box 62182, Baltimore, MD 21264-2182
Notices of Error or Information Requests: M&T Bank, P.O, Box 62986, Baltimore, MD 21264-2986
Mortgage account information: 1 800 724 1633, just a click away at mtb.com.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

750-3874-1022F - Page 1

Loan Number:

Borrower Financial Report.
(710 Form for FHA)

if you are having mortgage payment challenges, please complete and submit this application, along with the required
documentation, to M&T Bank via mail: P.O. Box 840, Buffalo, NY 14240-0840, fax: 1-855-678-0866, or email:
opsmtgsupport@mtb.com. We will contact you within five business days to acknowledge receipt and let you know if you need to
send additional information or documents.

We will use the information you provide to help us identify the assistance you may be eligible to receive. If you need help
completing this application, please contact M&T Bank at 1-800-724-1633.

Fora list of HUD-approved housing counseling agencies that can provide foreclosure prevention information, contact one of the
following federal government agencies:

© The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) at (800) 569-4287 or www.hud.gov/counseling

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) at (855) 411-2372 or www.consumerfinance, .gov/mortgagehelp
Ifyou need assistance with translation or other language assistance, HUD-approved housing. counseling agencies may be able to assist
you. These services are provided without charge.

se

Borrower's nam

Social Security Number (last 4 digits):

E-mail address:

Primary phone number:, 1) Cell Home 0 Work 01 Other
Alternate phone number: 1 Cel! C. Home (1 Work Cidther
Co-borrower's name:

Social Security Number (last 4 digits):

E-mail address:

Primary phone number;, O Cell O Home Work [1 Other

Alternate phone number: : 0 Cell O Home C] Work 0 Other

Preferred contact method (choose all that apply): D0) Cell phone OD) Home phone [] Work phone 0 Email (1 Text—checking
this box indicates your consent for text messaging

Is either borrower on active duty with the military (including the National Guard and Reserves), the dependent of a borrower
on active duty, or the surviving spouse of a member of the military who was on active duty at the time of death? 0 Yes 0 No

Property Address:

Mailing address (if different from property address):
¢ The property is currently; Cl Aprimaryresidence [A second home C1 An investment property

¢ The property is (select all that apply): 1 Owner occupied 01 Renter occupied 0 Vacant
© | want to: CI Keep the property C1 Sell the property 1 Transfer ownership of the property to my servicer 1] Undecided

ts the property listed for sale? 1) Yes C1 No~ If yes, provide the listing agent’s name and phone number—or indicate “for
sale by owner” if applicable:

Is the property subject to condominium or homeowners’ association (HOA) fees? 0 Yes () No —If yes, indicate monthly dues:

$



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

The hardship causing mortgage payment challenges began onapproximately (date).

C] Short-term (up to 6 months)
© Long-term or permanent (greater than 6months)
D1 Resolved as of (date)

TYPE OF HARDSHIP (CH

O Unemployment

and is believed tobe:

IP DOCUMENTATION

Not required

(i Reduction in income: a hardship that has caused a
decrease in your income due to citcumstances outside
your control {e.g., elimination of overtime, reduction
in regular working hours, a reduction in base pay)

Not required

Oi Increase in housing-related expenses: a hardship that
has caused an increase in your housing expenses due
to circumstances outside your control {e.g., uninsured
losses, increased property taxes, HOA special
assessment)

Not required

O Disaster (natural or man-made) impacting the
property or borrower's place of employment

Not required

C1 Long-term or permanent disability, or serious illness
of a borrower/co-borrower or dependent family
member

Written statement from the borrower, or other
documentation verifying disability oriliness

Note: Detailed medical information is not required, and
information from.a medical provider is not required

1 Divorce or fegal separation

Final divorce decree or final separation agreementOR
Recorded quitclaim deed

1 Separation of borrowers unrelated by marriage, civil
union, or similar domestic partnership under
applicable law

Recorded quitclaim deed OR

Legally binding agreement evidencing that the non-
occupying borrower or co-borrower has relinquished all
rights to the property

O Death of borrower or death of either the primary or
secondary wage earner

Death certificate OR
Obituary or newspaper article reporting thedeath

D Distant employment transfer/relocation

For active-duty service members: Permanent Change
ofStation (PCS) orders or letter showingtransfer,

For employment transfers/new employment: Copy of
signed offer letter or notice from employer showing
transfer to a new location or written explanation if
employer documentation not applicable, AND
Documentation that reflects the amount of any relocation:
assistance provided (not required for those with PCS
orders)

(1 Other — hardship that is not covered above:

Written explanation describing the details of the hardship
and any relevant documentation

zeBed - G2ZO}-S2ge-0SL



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

-750-3574-1022F - Page 3

* A questionnaire should be completed for each borrower receiving W2 wages — only putting one employer per
page. The information provided below will allow us to better understand your income situation, evaluate income
- consistency, and calculate income levels.

Loan Number:

Borrower Nam

Employer Name:

Date of Hire:

How many months per year are you paid?

112 months
O Other - list how many months:

1s your employment on a permanent or temporary basis?

O Permanent
1 Temporary ~ If temporary, how many months are left in your contract?

Do you receive Bonus Income?

CINo
D Yes — if yes, answer the below:
Frequency of Bonus (Monthly, Quarterly, Annually, etc)
¢ How is the bonus received?
OReceived in same check as base salary/wages
OiReceived in separate check
Do you consistently Receive the bonus each period? 11 No 1) Yes

Do you receive Commission Income?

ONo
1 Yes — if yes, answer the below:
« =Frequency of Bonus (Monthly, Quarterly, Annually, etc)
« How is the commission received? . .
OiReceived in same check as base salary/wages
GiReceived in separate check
Do you consistently Receive the bonus each period? D No 1 Yes

Are there any upcoming changes expected to employment status?

ONo
- DO Yes ~ ff yes, please explain:



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

NTATION

Gross (pre-tax) wages, salaries and-
overtime pay, commissions, tips, and
bonuses

Most recent pay stub and documentation of year-to-
date earnings if-not on pay stubOR

Two most recent bank statements showing income
deposit amounts. .

Self-employment income

Two most recent bank statements showing self-
employed income deposit amounts OR

Most recent signed and dated quarterly or year-to-date
profit/loss statement OR

Most recent complete and signed business taxreturn
OR

Most recent complete and signed individual federal
income tax return

Unemployment benefit income

No documentation required

Taxable Social Security, pension,
disability, death benefits, adoption
assistance, housing allowance, and
other public assistance

Two most recent bank statements showing deposit
amounts OR

Award letters or other documentation showing the
amount and frequency of the benefits.

Non-taxable Social Security or disability
income .

Two most recent bank statements showing deposit
amounts OR :

Award letters or other documentation showing the
amount dnd frequency of the benefits

Rental income (rents received, less
expenses other than mortgage
expense)

‘Two most recent bank statements demonstrating
receipt of rentOR

Two most recent deposited rent checks

Investment or insurance income

Two most recent investment statementsOR

Two most recent bank statements supporting receipt
of the income

Other sources of income not listed
above (Note: Only include alimony,
child support, or separate maintenance
income if you choose to have it
considered for repaying this loan)

Two most recent bank statements showing receipt of
income OR

Other documentation showing the amount and
frequency of the income

Exclude retirement funds such as a 401(k) or Individual Retirement Account {IRA}, and college savings accounts such as a
529 plan.

Checking account(s) and cash on hand

Savings, money market funds, and Certificates of Deposit (CDs)

Stocks and bonds (non-retirement accounts)

Other:

ull) uo

y eBed - gzZOl-9zS6-082



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

Names:
Are you or the co-borrower known by any other name?

Yes:[__] No___]

if “Yes” what other names are you or the co-borrawer known by?

Marital Status:

We are collecting the data on this form for the limited purpose of verifying your marital status so that we can determine whether
additional signatures (besides yours) are required to close your loss mitigation option should you be approved.

(Single
(J married

Date of marriage:,
Maiden Name (if applicable):
Spouse’s full name (first, middle, last):

C_] Divorced

__ Date ofdivorce:
*Send in Divorce Decree and Quit Claim Deed

fouopiaetuzer = rays >

Cy Separated

Date of separation:
*Send in Separation Agreement and Quit Claim Deed

[7] widowed

Date of death ofthe deceased;

Transfer of the property:
Have you transferred the property to another person, company, or trust?

ves: . No{__]

If "Yes” what is the name of the ather person, company, or trust that you transferred title to?

Power of Attorney:
Will you be using a Power of Attorney to allow someone else to sign on your behalf for this loan workout?

yes:[__} No{_]

Second Lien Information:
If there is a 2™ lien associated with this property please provide the information below:

Lien Holder’s Name:, Lien Holder’s Phone Number:
Amount of Lien: $ Loan Number:



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number.

1. I certify and acknowledge that all of the information in this Borrower Financial Report is truthful, and the hardship 1
identified contributed to my need for mortgage relief. Knowingly submitting false information may violate Federal and
other applicable law. .

2. lagree to provide my servicer with all required documents, including any additional supporting documentation as
requested, and will respond in a timely manner to all servicer or authorized third party* communications.

3. (acknowledge and agree that my servicer is not obligated to offer me assistance based solely on the representations in
this document or other documentation submitted in connection with my request.

I consent to the servicer or authorized third party* obtaining a current credit report for the borrower and co-borrower.

5. I consent to the disclosure by my servicer, authorized third party,* or any investor/guarantor of my mortgage loan(s), of
any personal information collected during the mortgage assistance process and of any information about any relief t
receive, to any third party that deals with my first lien or subordinate lien (if applicable) mortgage loan({s), including any
investor, insurer, guarantor, or servicer of my mortgage loan(s) or any companies that provide support services to them,
for purposes permitted by applicable law. Personal information may include but is not limited to: (a) my name, address,
telephone number, (b) my Social Security number, (c) my credit score, (d) my income, and (e) my payment history and
information about my account balances and activity. .

6. agree that the terms of this borrower certification and agreement will apply to any modification trial period plan,
_fepayment plan, or forbearance plan that ! may be offered based on this application. If | receive an offer for a
modification trial period plan or repayment plan, | agree that my first timely payment under the plan will serve as
acceptance of the plan,

7. t consent to being contacted concerning this application for mortgage assistance at any telephone number, including
mobile telephone number, or email address | have provided to the lender, servicer, or authorized third party.*
* An authorized third party may include, but is not limited to, a housing counseling agency, Housing Finance Agency (HFA)
or other similar entity that is assisting me in obtaining a foreclosure prevention alternative.

Please note: If you provide M&T with an external email address that was provided to you by an employer, your employer may
have access to confidential information contained in email messages from M&T. M&T will use the employer-provided email
address provided by you to M&T to communicate with you in attempt to collect any debt owed by you to M&T.

Borrower Consent to the Use of Tax Return Information:

Borrower understands, acknowledges, and agrees that the Lender and Other Loan Participants can obtain, use, and
share Borrower's tax return information for purposes of (i) providing an offer; (ii) originating, maintaining, managing,
monitoring, servicing, selling, insuring, and securitizing a loan; (iii) marketing; or (iv) as otherwise permitted by
applicable laws, including state and federal privacy and data security laws, The Lender includes the Lender's affiliates,
agents, service providers and any of aforementioned parties’ successors and assigns. The Other Loan Participants
includes any actual or potential owners of a loan resulting from your loan application, or acquirers of any beneficial or
other interest in the loan, any mortgage insurer, guarantor, any servicers, or service providers for these parties and any
of aforementioned parties’ successors and assigns.

Borrower signature: Date:

Co-Borrower signature: Date:

Please submit your completed application, together with the required documentation, to M&T Bank via mail:

P.O. Box 840, Buffalo, NY 14240-0840, fax: 1-855-678-0866, or email: opsmtgsupport@mtb.com. We will contact you
within five business days to acknowledge receipt and let you know if you need to send additional information or
documents. .

We will use the information you provided to help us identify the assistance you may be eligible to receive.

gaBied - azz0l-Gs9e-08L



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number
Form 4506 -C Department of the Treasury - Intemai Revenue Service OMB Number
(September 2020) IVES Request for Transcript of Tax Return 1645-1872

> Donot sign this form untess all applicable lines have been completed.
> Request may be rejected if the form Is incomplete or itlegible.
ia For more Information about Form 4506-C, visit www.irs.gov and search IVES.

‘ta. Name shown on tax return (if a joint return, enter the name shown 1b. First social security number on tax return, individual taxpayer identification
first) number, or employer identification number (see instructians)

‘2a. Ifa joint retum, enter spouse's name shown on tax return 2b, decond social security number or individual taxpayer Identification number
Joint tax return

3. Current name, address (Including apt. room, oF suite No.), city, state, and ZIP code (see instructions)

4, Previous address shown on the tast retum filed if different from line 3 (see instructions)

Sa. IVES participant name, address, and SOR mailbox ID
Data Verify 250 E. Broad St, Suite 2100, Columbus, OH 43215

Sb. Customer file number (if applicable) (see instructions)

Caution: This tax transcript is being sent to the third parly entered on Line Sa. Ensure that lines 6 through 8 are completed before signing. (see instructions)

6 Transcript bested, Enter the tax form number here (1040, 1065, 1120, ee.) and chack the apprapriate box below. Enter only one tax form number
per request

2. Retum Transcript, which Includes most of the line items of a tax refumn as filed with the IRS. A tax retum transcript does not reflect changes &l
made to the account after the retum is processed. Transcripts are only available for the following retums: Form 1040 series, Farm 1065, Form
1120, Form 1120-A, Form 1120-H, Form 1120-L, and Farm 1120S. Ratum transcripts are available for the current year and returns processed
during the prior 3 processing years
b. Account Transcript, which contains information on thie financial status of the account, such as payments made on the account, penalty
aceesameris, and adiustmants made Dy you or the INS after tho retum was filed. Ratu information is limited to items such ag tax lbity and
~ estimated tax payments. Account transcripts ara avaitabla for most returns

c Record of Account, which provides the most delalled information as itis a combination of the Retum Transcript and the Account Tranecrpt im
Available for current year and 3 prior tax years

7. Form W-2, Form 1099 series, Form 1098 series, or Form 5498 series transcript. The IRS can provide a transcript thet includes data from these
information retums. State or local Information Is not included with the Form W-2 information. The IRS may be able to provide this transcript Information
for up to 10 years. information for the current year Is generally not available until the year after It Is filed with the IRS. For example, W-2 information for -
2016, filed In 2017, will likely not be available from the IRS until 2018. If you need W-2 information for retirement purposes, you should contact the
Social Security Administration at 1-800-772-1213

Caution: ifyou need a copy of Form W-2 ar Form 1089, you Should fret contact the payer. ‘To gat a copy of the Form W-2 er Form 1099 fled with your return,
you must use Form 4506 and request a copy of your retum, which includes all attachments.
8. Yearor pariod requested. Enier the ending dato of the tax year or parlod using the mm/dd/yy format (see instructions)
127 31_/ 2020 1207 31_) 2021 i ft | t
Caution: Do not sign this form unless all applicable lines have been completed.

‘Signature of texpayer(s). | declare that | am either the taxpayer whose name is shown on line 4a or 2a, or @ person authorized ta obtain the tax information
requested. if tha request applies to a joint return, at least one spouse must sign. If signed by a corporate officar, 1 percent or more shareholder, partner,
managing member, quardian, tax matters partner, executor, receiver, administrator, trustee, or party other than the taxpayer, { certify that | hava the authority to_
execute Form 4506-C on behalf of the taxpayer. Note: This form must be received by IRS within 120 days of the signature date.

K ‘Signatory attests that he/she has read the attestation clause and upon so reading declares that he/she has the alitharity ta sign the Form 4506-C.
Sas Instructions.

‘Signature (see instructions) Date Phone number of taxpayer Gn line 1a or 2a

PriniType name

Sign ‘Title (if line 1a above Is a comoration, partnership, estate, or trust)
Here

Spouse's signature Date

PrintiType name

—
Catalog Number 72627P wwwirs.gov Form 4506-C (9.2020)

Ant and D: Dad. Aas enn nna



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

Instructions for Form 4506-C, IVES Request for Transcript of Tax Return

‘Section references are to the Internal Revenue
- Cede unless otherwise noled.

Future Developments

For the latest information about Form 4506-C and
Its Instructions, go to www.irs,gov and search
IVES. information abaut any recent developments
affecting Form 4508-C (such as legislation
enacted after we released it) will bs posted on that
page.

‘What's New. Form 4506-C was created to be
utilized by authorized IVES participants to order
tax transcripts with the congent of the taxpayer.

General Instructions

Caution: Do nat sign this form untess all
applicable lines have been completed.

Designated Recipient Notification. Internal
Revenue Code, Section 6163(c), limits disclosure
and use of retum information received pursuant to
the taxpayer's consent and holds the recipient
subject to penalties for any unautharized access,
other use, or redisciosure without the taxpayer's
express permission or request.

Taxpayer Notification. intemal Revenue Code,

~ Saction 6103(c), limits disclosure and use of return

Provided pursuant to your consent and
holds the recipient subject to penalties, brought by
Private right of ection, for any unauthorized
access, other use, or redisclosure without your
express permission or request.

Purpose of form. Use Form 4506-C to request
tax return information through an authorized IVES
Participant. You will designate an IVES participant.
‘to receive the information on line 5a,

Note: I you are unsure of which type of transcript
you need, check with the party requesting your tax
information,

Where to file. Tha IVES participant will fax Form
4506-C with the approved IVES cover sheet to
their assigned Service Center.

Specific instructions

Line 4b. Enter the social security number (SSN)
or individual taxpayer identification number (TIN)

for tha individual listed on line 12, or enter the

ampioyer Identification number (EIN) for the
business listed on tine 1a,

Line 3. Enter your current address. If you use a
P.O. box, include it on this line.

Line 4. Enter the address shown on the last return
filed if different from the address entered on line 3.

Note: if the addresses on lines 3 and 4 are
different and you have not changed your address
with the IRS, file Form 8822, Change of Address,
of Form 8822-B,Change of Address or
Responsible Party — Business, with Form 4506-C,

Line Sb. Enter up to 10 numeric characters to
create a unique customer file number that will
‘appear an the transcript. The customer-file number
cannot contain an SSN, ITIN or EIN. Completion
of this line is nat required.

Note. if you use an SSN, name or combination of
both, we will not Input the Information and the
customer file number will rafiect a generic entry of
"9900999990" on the transcript.

Line 8. Enter the end date of the tax year or
period requested in mmidd/yyyy format. This may
be a calendar year, fiscal year or quarter. Enter
each quarter requested for qi returns.

: Enter 12/31/2018 for a calendar year
2018 Form 1040 transcript.

Signature and date. Form 4508-C must be
signed and dated by the taxpayer listed on fine 1a
or 2a, The IRS must receive Farm 4506-C within
120 days of the date signed by the taxpayer or it
‘will be rejected. Ensure that all applicable lines,
Including lines a thraugh 8, are completed before

signing.

A area to acknavdadge you have the authority
ioc andraaxt trate, Tho form

BERET wil not bo processed # unchecka

You mast hak ho on nthe str

” Note: If you are Heir at law, Next of kin, o

Beneficiary you must be able to establish a
material interest in the estate or trust.

‘Documentation. For entities other than
Individuals, you must attach the authorization
document. For example, this could be the fatter
from the principal officer authorizing an employee
of the corporation or the latters testamentary
authorizing an individual to act for an estate.

‘Signature by a representative. A ntative
can sign Form 4506-C for a taxpayer only if the
taxpayer has specifically delegated this authority
ta the representative on Form 2848, line §. The
representative must attach Form 2848 shawing
the delegation to sign Farm 4506-C.

Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act
Notice. We ask for the Information on this form to
establish your right to galn access to the
requested tax Information under the Intemel
Revenue Coda, We need this information to
properly identify the tax information and respand
to your request. You are not required to request.
any transcript; if you do request a transcript,
‘sections 6103 and 6109 and thelr regulations
Tequira you to provide this information, including
your SSN or EIN. if you do not pravide this
Information, we may nat bs able to process your™
request. Providing false ar fraudulent information
may subject you to penalties.

Routine uses of this Information include giving it to
the Department of Justice for civil and criminal
Wiigation, and cities, states, the District of
Columbia, and U.S. commionwealths and
possessions for use in administering their tax
laws. We may also disclose this information to
other countries under a tax treaty, to federal and
state agencies to enforce federal nontax criminal
laws, or to federal law enforcement and
intalligence agencies to combat terrorism.

You are not required to provide the information

Fequested on a form that is subject to the
Paperwork Reduction Act unless-the form displays

Chart for ordering transcripts Individuals, Transcripts fisted on an fine 6 may be @ Valid OMB control number. Books or records
furnished to elther spouse if jointly filed. Onty one relating to a form or its instructions must be
ifyour assigned Fax the requests with signature Is required. Sign Form 4506-C exactly retained as long as thelr contents may become
Service Center is: the approved = - 83 your name appeared on the original return. if material in the administration of any Internal
eoversheet to: you changed your name, also sign your current Revenue law. Generally, tax retums and return
rame. information are confidential, as required by section
‘Austin Submission ‘Austin IVES Team . ,, Form 4506-C can be .
Processing Canter Soa an Coney “Tho time needed to complete and fle Form 4506-
844-249-6238 (1) an officer having legal authority to bind the wit vary depending on ndvidual crouse
‘Submisek Fi WES Te corporation, (2) any person designated by the ‘estimaled averag
Fresno Submission reso ‘sam board of directors or ather governing body, or (3) Learning about the aw orth frm - 40.min,
Processing Center any afficer or employee cn written request by any —_Breparing the
844-249-6239, principal officar and attested ta by the secretary or Copying, petal and sending
— other officer. A bona fide shareholder of record theformtotheIRS ............5 20 min.
Kansas City Submission | Kansas City IVES ‘owning 1 percent or more of the outstanding stock
Processing Center Team of the comoration may submit a Form 4506-C but If you have comments concerning the accuracy of
must provide dacumentation ta support the these time estimates or suggestions for making
844-240-8128 requesters right to receive the information. Fom 4906-6 simp, we would be happy to hear
you. You can :
* Partnerships. Generally, Form 4506-C can be
Ogden Submission Ogden IVES Team signed by any person who was a member ofthe intemal Revenue Servica
Processing Center partnership during any part of the tax period ‘Tax Forms and Publications Division
844-249-8129 requested on tine 8. 4144 Constitution Ava. NW, IR-6526
All others. See section 6109(e) ifthe taxpayer «Washington, DC 20224
has died, is insolvent, is a dissolved corporation, Do not send the form to this address. Instead, see
or if trustee, guardian, executor, receiver, or ‘Where to file on this page.
administrator is acting for the taxpayer.
Catalog Number 72627P www.lrs.gov Form 4506-C (¢-2020)



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

uqaueusee

Information Sheet Us. Paparimont of Housing and * OME Approval No, 2502-0580
Pre-foreclosure Sale Procedure Sites or Hwang (on »

Federal Housing Commissianer

Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15 minutes per response,
including the time for reviewing instructions, searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the
data needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. This information is required to obtain

benefits. HUD may not callect this information, and you are not required to complete this form, unless it

displays‘a currently valid OMB control number.

Section 1064 of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Amendments Act of 1988 authorizes the
Secretary to pay an insurance claim that “bridges the gap” between the fair market value proceeds from the
HUD-approved third party sale of a property. The respondents are lenders, counselors, and homeowners who
are attempting to sell their properties prior to foreclosure. The Privacy Act of 1974 pledges assurances of

request.

- confidentiality to respondents. HUD generally discloses this data only in response to a Freedom of Information

Homeowners who have defaulted on their mortgages
often attempt to sell their properties in order to avoid
foreclosure and to protect their credit standing.
However, because of declining property values in
certain areas, some homeowners cannot realize
enough from the sale to pay off their mortgage
balances.

Therefore, the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) has implemented the Pre-
foreclosure Sale (PFS) Program. This program
permits homeowners to attempt to sell their home for
a fair market sale price, which can be less than the
amount owed to the lender. HUD then reimburses the
lender for the difference between the sale proceeds
and the outstanding mortgage indebtedness.

. Homeowners who sell their properties under the PFS

Program may also benefit by avoiding the effect of a
foreclosure on their credit rating.

Upon review of the homeowner's financial situation,
the lender will determine the type of PFS process for
which the homeowner qualifies: (1) Standard PFS, (2)
Streamlined PFS, or (3) Streamlined PFS for
Servicemembers with Permanent Change of Station
Orders.

Once the type of PFS has been determined, there are
certain criteria which must be met before the
homeowner may be permitted to pursue a PFS.

Homeowners must engage the services of a real
estate broker/agent. The real estate broker/agent
selected must have no conflict of interest with the
homeowner, lender, appraiser, or buyer associated
with the PFS transaction. The transaction must be
between two unrelated parties and be characterized
by a selling price and other conditions that would

prevail in a typical real estate sales transaction. If the
homeowner secures a sales contract prior to receiving ©
the Approval to Participate, the homeowner may
submit the contract to the lender for consideration of
PFS Program approval. .

Owner-occupant homeowners who are not required
to make minimum cash reserve contributions and
successfully sell their properties using this program
are relieved of their mortgage obligation and may
be entitled to a cash incentive up to $3,000. The
homeowner may apply a portion or the entire
amount of the $3,000 consideration to resolve junior
liens and to offset the sales transaction costs not
paid by HUD (including a home warranty plan fee,
costs of optional repairs, and buyer's closing
expenses). Eligible homeowners are permitted at
closing to receive the remaining amount from the
aforementioned $3,000 consideration. This
remaining amount may only be used for transition or
relocation assistance.

If, after a good faith effort, an acceptable purchase
offer is not obtained within the allotted time, the lender
may accept a Deed-in-Lieu (DIL) of Foreclosure from
the homeowner. While a DIL is less desirable than a
PFS on a homeowner's credit record, it is stilt looked
upon more favorably by creditors than a foreclosure.

By calling this number,-1-800-724-1633 ,
the homeowner will receive further details from their
lender about the procedure and whether they may
qualify. Please NOTE that the homeowner is under
no obligation to make this call.

form HUD-80035 (09/2016)



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

ABLBO-9ZEE-DEL

Loan Number:

PROFIT AND LOSS STATEMENT (MINIMUM OF LAST FULL THREE MONTHS BUT NO MORE THAN 12)

Please complete a separate Profit and Loss Statement for each business owned by the borrower(s)
*This form also needs to be completed if you are a 1099 employee

Company Name:
Type of Business: Percentage of Ownership
Check one: Business is [JAI yearOR ([_]Seasonal if seasonal, enter the number of months:
For the Period: through Date of business formation:
MM/DD/YYYY MM/DD/YYYY MM/DD/YYYY

Name(s) of Business Owner(s):

Income: Gross Sales and Receipts.

Costs of Goods Sold...

Other Income: Interest, fees earned, etc.

Total income (Gross Sales + Other Income)

Business-Only

Expenses: Officer Wages and Salaries
° How are the wages received? [_] W-2 [__] Owner draws
{if taxes deducted, provide 30-days current paystubs)

Employee Wages and Salaries

Payroll Taxes Business

Utilities

Business Rent and/or Mortgage Payments Insurance

Advertising

Telephone Office

Expenses

Repairs and Maintenance

Business Travel, Meals, and Entertainment Supplies

Other Business Expenses...

Other Business Expense:

Other Business Expenses...

[__ Total Business Expenses [

Net Income/Loss: (Total income minus Total Business Expenses) _ |

Amounts can be verified with my [_]Business Bank Statements [_] Personal Bank Statements
This form accurately states my/our business expenses and self-employed income for the stated period.

Business Owner's Signature Date

Business Owner's Signature Date

MAT Bank Profit & Loss Statement May 2018



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&T Bank ARM’s Length Addendum — only complete form if there is a purchase offer on the property

Servicer: M&T Bank Servicer Loan Number:
Property Address:

Date of Purchase Contract:

Seller: Buyer: |

Seller: Buyer:

Listing Agent: : Buyer's Agent:
Company: . Company:

Listing Broker: Buyer’s Broker:
Company: Company:
Escrow/Closing Agent: Transaction Facilitator (if applicable):
Company:

This Pre-Foreclosure Sale Addendum (“Addendum”) is given by the Seller(s), Buyer(s), Agent(s), -and
Facilitator/Negotiator to the Mortgagee of the mortgage loan secured by the Property (“Mortgage”) in consideration for

750-4002-0219F - Page 1

the mutual and respective benefits to be derived from the pre-foreclosure sale of the Property.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Seller(s), Buyer(s), Agent(s), and Facilitator/Negotiator do hereby represent, warrant and agree
under the pains and penalties of perjury, to the best of each signatory’s knowledge and belief, as follows:

{a) The sale of the Property is an “arm's length” transaction, between Seller(s) and Buyer(s) who are unrelated and
unaffiliated by family, marriage, or commercial enterprise. Additionally, the transaction is characterized by a selling price
and other conditions that would prevail in an open market environment and there are no hidden terms or special :
understandings that exist between any of the parties involved in the transaction including, but not limited to the buyer,
seller, appraiser, broker, sales agent (including, but not limited to the listing agent and seller’: 's agent), closing agent and
mortgagee, except where such provision is expressly prohibited by law;

(b) Any relationship or affiliation by family, marriage or commercial enterprise to the Seller(s) or Buyer(s) by other parties

. involved in the sale of the Property has been disclosed to the Mortgagee; .

(c) There are no agreements, understandings or contracts between the Seiler(s} and Buyer(s) that the Seller(s) will remain in
the Property as tenants or later obtain title or ownership of the Property, except that the Seller(s) are permitted to
remain as tenants in the Property for a short term, as is common and customary in the market but no longer than ninety

(90) days, in order to facilitate relocation,.except where such provision is expressly prohibited by law;



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&T Bank ARM's Length Addendum — only complete this form if there is a purchase offer on the property

(d) Neither the Seller(s) nor the Buyer(s) will receive any funds or commissions from the sale of the Property except that the
Seller(s) may receive a payment if it is offered by the. Mortgagee,.and, if the payment is made at closing of the sale of the
Property, reflected-on the HUD-1 Settlement Statement;

{e) There are no agreements, understandings, current or pending higher offers, or contracts relating to the current sale of

“subsequent sale of the Property that have not been disclosed to the Mortgagee;

{f} The'current sale transaction is a market real estate transaction, and the buyer is making an outright purchase of real
Property;

(g) The current sale transactions will be recorded;

(h)

All amounts to be paid to any person or entity, including holders of other liens-on the Property, in connection with the
pre-foreclosure sale have been disclosed to and approved by the Mortgagee and will be reflected on the HUD-1
Settlement Statement; .

{i} Each signatory understands, agrees and intends that the Mortgagee is relying upon the statements made in the
Addendum as consideration for the reduction of the payoff amount of the Mortgage and agreement to the sale of the
Property;

{j) Each signatory who makes 2 negligent or intentional misrepresentation agrees to indemnify the Mortgagee for any and all
loss resulting from the misrepresentation including, but not limited to, repayment of the amount of the reduced payoff of
the Mortgage; :

{k) This Addendum and all representations, warranties and settlements made herein will survive the closing of the pre-
foreclosure sale transaction;

(I) Except for the real estate agents and brokers identified in this addendum, the signatories to this agreement can only serve
in one capacity in order to be in compliance with HUD’s policies on conflicts of interest and arms-length transactions;

{m) The listing Agent and Listing Broker certify that the subject property was initially listed in the Multiple Listing Service
(MLS) for a period of 15 calendar days before any offers were evaluated;

(n) If multiple offers were under consideration at the time the offer was submitted for acceptance, the Listing Agent and
Listing Broker certify that, of all of the offers meeting HUD’s guidelines, this offer yield the highest net return; and

(0) Each signatory certifies that all the information stated herein, as well as any information provided in the accompaniment

herewith, is true and accurate. HUD will prosecute false claims and statements. Conviction may result in criminal and/or

civil penalties. (18 U.S.C. 1001. 1010. 1012; 31 U.S.C. 3729. 3802)

ZaBed - BET ZO-E00r- OSL



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

750-4002-02198 - Page 3

M&T Bank ARM’s Length Addendum ~ only complete this form if there is a purchase offer on the property

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.
(Seller's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.
(Seller's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.
(Listing Agent's Signature) By: :

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed-my name this day of 20__.
{Listing Broker’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.
(Buyer's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of _, 20__.
{Buyer's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.
(Buyer's Agent's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this day of 20__.
(Buyer's Brokers’ Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.
{Transaction Facilitator's Signature {if applicable) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.

{Escrow Closing Agent's Signature) By:



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

750-3342-0817F

SHORT SALE AFFIDAVIT GSE
Servicer: . . Servicer Loan Number:
Address of Property:
Date of Purchase Contract: Investor:
—/
Seller: Buyer:
Seller: Buyer:
Seller’s Agent/Listing Agent: Buyer’s Agent:
Escrow Closing Agent: . Transaction Facilitator (if applicable):

This Short Sale Affidavit (“Affidavit”) is given by the Seller(s), Buyer(s), Agent(s), and Facilitator to the
Servicer and the Investor of the mortgage loan secured by the Property (“Mortgage”) in consideration for the
mutual and respective benefits to be derived from the short sale of the Property.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Seller(s), Buyer(s), Agent(s), and Facilitator do hereby represent, warrant and agree
under the pains and penalties of perjury, to the best of each signatory's knowledge and belief, as follows:

(a) The sale of the Property is an “arm's length” transaction, between Seller(s) and Buyer(s) who are unrelated and
unaffiliated by family, marriage, or commercial enterprise; : ;

(b) There are no agreements, understandings or contracts between the Seller(s) and Buyer(s) that the Seller(s) will
remain in the Property as tenants or later obtain title or ownership of the Property, except that the Sellers(s) are

permitted to remain as tenants in the Property for a short term, as is common and customary in the market but no
longer than ninety (90) days, in order to facilitate relocation;

(c) Neither the Sellers(s) nor the Buyer(s) will recive any funds or commissions from the sale of the Property except
that the Seller(s) may receive a payment if it is offered by the Servicer, approved by the Investor and, if the payment
is made at closing of the short sale of the Property, reflected on the HUD-1 Settlement Statement;

(@) The Seller’s Listing Agent has presented all offers for the purchase of the Property to the Borrower and no offers
have been held, concealed or delayed due to action or inaction by any Agent.

(e) There are no agreements, understandings or contracts relating to the current sale or subsequent sale of the Property
that have not been disclosed to the Servicer;

(f) All amounts to be paid to any person or entity, including holders of other liens on the Property, in connection with
the short sale have been disclosed to and approved by the Servicer and will be reflected on the HUD-1 Settlement
Statement; .

(g) Each signatory understands, agrees and intends that the Servicer and the Investor are relying upon the statements
made in this Affidavit as consideration for the reduction of the payoff amount of the Mortgage and agreement to the
sale of the Property;

1 As of August 1, 2014, this attestation is a mandatory requirement.

Short Sale Affidavit . : . on/14



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

(h) A signatory who makes a negligent or intentional misrepresentation agrees to indemnify the Servicer and the
Investor for any and all loss resulting from the misrepresentation including, but not limited to, repayment of the

@

@

(uyer’s Agent’s Signature) By:

amount of the reduced payoff of the Mortgage;

This Affidavit and all representations, warranities and statements made herein will survive the closing of the short

sale transaction; and

Each signatory understands that a misrepresentation may subject the person making the misrepresentation to civil

and/or criminal liability.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

(Seller’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

(Seller’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, J have subscribed my name this

(Buyer’s Signature) By: ©

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

(Buyer’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

(Seller’s Agent/Listing Agent’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, J have subscribed my name this

Escrow Closing Agent’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Thave subscribed my name this

(Transaction Facilitator’s Signature (if applicable)) By:

day of 520
day of. 20,
day of. »20
day of. 20,
day of. 20.
day of, 20,
day of ; 20.
day of. 20

Short Sale Affidavit

08/14

FILTRO-EDER-NSL.



BUSINESS REPLY MAIL

FIRSTCLASS MAIL PERMIT NO, 670 BUFFALO NY

POSTAGE WILL BE PAID BY ADDRESSEE

M&t'Bank

NY1-CP10 5807-LOSS MITIGATION
P.O, BOX 840
BUFFALO NY 14240-9980

NO POSTAGE
NECESSARY
IFMALED
INTHE
UNITED STATES

HoH ttyl gli

soquINN 10490q
lois - unos Jouedns

WY 00:21 SzOZ/L/EL Pola He



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

‘M8IBank

NOADIA RACHELLE CUMMINGS ‘TRACKING NUMBER

156 COUNTY ST . RETURN TRACKING NUMBER

ATTLEBORO MA 02703 . 9290 9901 4561 7064007571

Payment Processing: P.O. Box 62182, Baltimore, MD 21264-2182 .
Notices of Error or information Requests: M&.7 Bank, P.O, Box 62986, Baltimore, MD 21264-2986
Mortgage account information: 1 800 724 1633, just a click away at mtb.com.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&&Bank — -

.% This is an important notice concerning your right to live in your home. Have it translated at once.

* Esta carta explica sus derechos legales para permanecer en su propiedad de vivienda.
Por favor traduzca esta notificacion inmediatamente.

* Este 6 um aviso importante em relagdo ao seu dereito de morar na sua residéncia.
Por favor, tem tradizide imediatamente.

* C'est une notification importante concernant votre droit de vivre chez vous. Faites-la
traduire immédiatement.

* RE-WARSEERNBS BA, REHEAT -

90 Day Right to Cure Your Mortgage Default

December 29, 2022

Via Certified and Regular Mail
NOADIA RACHELLE CUMMINGS
756 COUNTY ST
ATTLEBORO MA 02703

RE: 756 COUNTY ST, ATTLEBORO MA 02703
Loan: (EE with Fairway Independent Mortgage Corporation.

To NOADIA RACHELLE CUMMINGS:
We are contacting you because you did not make your monthly loan payment(s) due on 11/01/2022 through

12/29/2022 to M&T Bank. You must pay the past due amount of $6,328.05 on or before 03/29/2023 which
is 90 days from the date of this notice. The past due amount on the date of this notice is specified on the

following page(s):
Unpaid Mortgage Payments (Principal and interest)
Description Date Assessed Amount
P&l 11/1/2022 $2,018.96
P&I 12/1/2022 $2,018.96
$4,037.92



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&r Bank

Applicable Unpald Escrow Contributions
Description Date Assessed Amount
Escrow -11/1/2022 $1,034.21
Escrow 12/1/2022 $1,034.21
$2,068.42

LATE CHARGE
Date Amount
Assessed Assessed

10/17/2022 $60.57
11/16/2022 $60.57
12/16/2022 $60.57

Assessed: $181.71

PROPERTY INSPECT
Date Amount
Assessed Assessed

11/25/2022 $20.00
12/27/2022 $20.00
Assessed: $40.00

If you pay the past due amount, and any additional monthly payments, late charges or fees that may become due
between the date of this notice and the date when you make your payment, your account will be considered up-to-
date and you can continue to make your regular monthly payments.

Make your payment directly to:

M&T Bank
P.O. Box 62182
Baltimore, MD 21264-2182

Please consider the following:

* You should contact the Homeownership Preservation Foundation (1-888-995-HOPE) to speak with counselors
who can provide assistance and may be able.to help you work with your lender to avoid foreclosure. There may
be other homeownership assistance available through your lender or servicer;

¢ Ifyou are a MassHousing borrower, you may also contact MassHousing (1-888-843-6432) to determine if you are
eligible for additional assistance. There may be other homeownership assistance available through your lender or
servicer;

© You may also contact the Division of Banks (1-800-495-2265) or visit www.mass.gov/foreclosures to find a.
foreclosure prevention program near you; .

© — After 03/29/2023 you can still avoid foreclosure by paying the total past due balance before a foreclosure sale
takes place. Depending on the terms of the loan, there may also be other ways to avoid foreclosure, such as selling
your property, refinancing your loan, or voluntarily transferring ownership of the property to M&T Bank.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&I'Bank

If you do not pay the total past due amount of $6,328.05 and any additional payments that may become due
by 03/29/2023 you may be evicted from your home after a foreclosure sale. If LAKEVIEW LOAN

SERVICING, LLC forecloses on this property, it means the mortgagee or a new buyer will take over the
ownership of your home.

If you have questions, or disagree with the calculation of your past due balance, please contact M&T Bank at 1-800-
724-1633 or by mail - Attention: Homeowner Assistance Center, P.O. Box 840, Buffalo, NY 14240.

Sincerely,

Jeremy Kirsh

Homeowner Assistance Center

Hours: Mon.-Thur. 8am-9pm; Friday 8am-Spm; Saturday 8am-12pm EST
Phone: 1-800-724-1633 -

Fax: 1-855-678-0866

Enclosed with this notice, there may be additional important disclosures related to applicable laws and requirements
that you should carefully review. .

REGULATORY AUTHORITY M.GLL. c. 244, § 35A.

M&T Bank is attempting to collect a debt and any information obtained will be used for that purpose. To the extent
your original obligation was discharged, or is subject to an automatic stay of bankruptcy under Title 11 of the United
States Code, this correspondence is for compliance or informational purposes only and does not constitute an attempt
to collect a debt or to impose personal liability for such obligation. However, M&T Bank retains rights under its
security instrument, including the right to foreclose its lien.

Your mortgagee is:

LAKEVIEW LOAN SERVICING, LLC
4425 PONCE DE LEON BLVD
CORAL GABLES, FL 33146

Failure to cure the default on or before the date specified in this notice may result in acceleration of the sums secured _
by the Mortgage and sale of the Property.

You have the right to bring a court action to assert the non-existence of a default or any other applicable defense to
acceleration and sale. You have the right to reinstate your loan account after acceleration. Notwithstanding any
limitation or any other provision in your mortgage to the contrary, you may reinstate your loan and avoid foreclosure
by paying the total past-due amount at any time before the foreclosure sale occurs.

It should be noted that under the terms of your Mortgage, in any foreclosure proceedings, all expenses allowed by
law: which may include reasonable attomey's fees and other costs relating to the default and the foreclosure may be



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&m Bank

collected. Please refer to your loan documents or consult an attorney concerning the tights and obligations you have
in connection with the default described above.

You may be eligible for assistance from the Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency and/or the Massachusetts
Division of Banks. You may call the following toll-free numbers to request assistance: 1-888-995-HOPE
(Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency) or 1-800-495-2265 (Massachusetts Division of Banks).

Tf you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact M&T Bank at 1-800-724-1633.

CL229



Dato Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&PBank

* This is an important notice concerning your right to live in your home. Have it translated at once.

Esta carta explica sus derechos legales para Permanecer. en su propiedad de vivienda. Por favor traduzca esta
notificacion imediatamente.

* Este é um aviso importante em relagdo ao seu dereito de morar na sua residéncia. Por favor, tem tradizido
imediatamente.

~ C'est une notification importante concernant votre droit de vivre chez vous. Faites-la traduire
immédiatement.

> RE MAE ENR, TR PCERERE -

NOTICE OF RIGHT TO REQUEST A MODIFIED MORTGAGE LOAN

December 29, 2022

via Certified and Regular Mail
NOADIA RACHELLE CUMMINGS,
756 COUNTY ST
ATTLEBORO MA 02703

RE: 756 COUNTY ST, ATTLEBORO MA 02703; Loan:[EBEith M&T Bank.
Dear Mortgage Customer(s):

We are contacting you because our records indicate that you are eligible to request a modification of your
mortgage with M&T Bank. If you want to request a loan modification or other foreclosure alternative option,
you must complete and return the enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form along with any supporting
information no later than 01/28/2023. The Mortgage Modification Options form and any supporting documents.
must be returned by certified mail or similar service to M&T Bank. We will respond to your request within 30°
days of its receipt. .

Please be aware this notice of the Right to Request a Modified Mortgage Loan is different from the Right to
Cure Your Mortgage Default notice that you may have already received. The enclosed Mortgage Modification
Options form provides you with four choices. These choices impact the options under the Right to Cure notice
and should be carefully considered. If you do not want to request a loan modification, you must still return the
enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form. Please keep a copy of everything you send to us and keep proof
of mailing the materials to us.

If you do not return the enclosed Mortgage Modification Options form and a completed loan
modification application by 01/28/2023, your right to cure your mortgage default will end on 03/29/2023.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&I Bank

Ifyou have questions, please contact M&T Bank at 1-800-724-1633 or P.O. Box 840 Buffalo, NY 14240. If you
would like assistance from the Attorney General’s Office, you may contact the HomeCorps hotline at 1-617-
573-5333 to speak with a loan modification specialist who can assist you. We suggest you mention this notice
when you call.

Sincerely,

M&T Bank

Homeowner Assistance Center

Hours: Mon.-Thur. 8am-9pm; Friday 8am-Spm; Saturday 8am-12pm EST
Phone: 1-800-724-1633

Fax: 1-855-678-0866

ce: Office of the Massachusetts Attorney General
Attention: HomeCorps Director -
One Ashburton Place
Boston, MA 02108

Enclosed with this notice, there may be additional important disclosures related to applicable laws and
requirements that you should carefully review. .
Enclosures:

© Mortgage Modification Options form

e Borrower Financial Report

¢ Required Documents for Loan Modification Application (as listed in the attached packet)



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&& Bank

MORTGAGE MODIFICATION OPTIONS

You must return this form in the enclosed envelope by 01/28/2023.

NOADIA RACHELLE CUMMINGS
756 COUNTY ST
ATTLEBORO MA 02703

RE: 756 COUNTY ST, ATTLEBORO MA 02703; ol M&T Bank.

To NOADIA RACHELLE CUMMINGS:

You must check one of the following boxes to notify M&T Bank of how you would like to proceed.

OI would like to request a loan modification, I have attached a complete statement of my income and list of
assets, total debts, and obligations as requested by the creditor in the form(s) which accompanied the Right to
Request a Modified Mortgage Loan Notice. I maintain my right to a 90 day period to cure my mortgage default.
0 I would like to request a different foreclosure alternative such as a'short sale or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. I
maintain my right to a 90 day period to cure my mortgage default.

(1 I do not want to request a loan modification or any foreclosure alternative. I maintain my right to a 90 day
period to cure my mortgage default. .

1 I want to waive my right to cure the default on my mortgage loan and proceed to foreclosure. I understand
that by choosing this option I waive my right to the 90 day cure period.

Borrower Name Date

Borrower Telephone Number

CL984



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

M&&Bank

Dear Mortgage Customer(s):

To be considered for'a full loss mitigation evaluation, you will need to provide M&T Bank with the required
financial information requested in this package and complete the enclosed forms. Upon receipt of your
documentation, we will be able to begin our review to determine if you qualify for a loss mitigation option in
accordance with investor guidelines.

Important

Investor guidelines may require that we review your file for home retention options first. If you qualify for a home
retention option based on your investor guidelines, you may not be qualified to participate in a Pre-foreclosure Sale
program.

Getting Started

Please refer to the next page of this workout package, for a checklist of the documents you are required to complete
and return to us. The Borrower Financial Report and other required documents can be sent back to us by Email in
PDF form, Fax, or mail as indicated below.

Email: opsmtgsupport@mtb.com (in PDF format)
Fax: 1-855-678-0866
Mail: M&T Bank, P.O, Box 840, Buffalo, NY 14240

Jt is imperative that you submit all of the required information to us within 14 days from the date of this letter. Our
ability to review your request will depend on your timely and complete response to this letter. It is possible that after
our review, additional information may be requested from you. A decision will be reached within thirty (30) days
from the date M&T Bank receives all of the required documentation to.determine if any loss mitigation options are
available. If applicable, this would include approval from the mortgage insurance company. If there are any other
mortgage loans secured by the above Property, please contact that servicer to discuss any available loss mitigation
options.

Until a decision is made with respect to your loss mitigation assistance request, you may still receive notices, and
you should make every attempt to continue making your contractual payments during the review process. There is a
possibility that the foreclosure process may commence/continue. If you do not intend to retain ownership of your
home, understand that the owner of your loan requires that all properties be maintained until closing. Please keep the
property in good condition and repair.

Tf you need any assistance or have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact our Single Point of Contact Team
at 1-800-724-1633. Please note, if you have not received Corisumer Credit Counseling, you should contact HUD-
approved credit counseling for assistance. To contact one of these agencies in your area, please call 1-800-569-4287
or visit http://www.hud.gov/counseling.

Sincerely,

Single Point of Contact Team

Homeowner Assistance Center

Hours: Mon.-Thur. 8am-9pm; Friday S9am-Spm EST Phone: 1-800-724-1633
Fax: 1-855-678-0866

M&T Bank is attempting to collect a debt and any information obtained will be used for that purpose. To the extent
your original obligation was discharged, or is subject to an automatic stay of bankruptcy under Title 11 of the United
States Code, this correspondence is for compliance or informational purposes only and does not constitute an
attempt to collect a debt or to impose personal liability for such obligation. However, M&T Bank retains rights
under its security instrument, including the right to foreclose its lien.

Payment Processing: P.O, Box 62182, Baltimore, MD 21264-2182
Notices of Error ar information Requests: M&T Bank, P.O, Box 62986, Baltimore, MD 21264-2986
Mortgage account information: 1 800 724 1633, Just a click away at mtb.com.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

M&f Bank

The below forms are required documents. These must be completed and signed by all borrowers:

_ Borrower Financial Report (710 Form for FHA loans) (attached in this package)
— IRS Form 4506-C (this allows us to verify tax retum information) (attached in this package)

You must also submit:

__ Checking and Savings Account(s) Statements for the last two months
__ Proof of ali household income (Refer to 710 Form for additional document requirements)
- Most recent paystubs for the past 30 days including year to date income
- Wage Earner Questionnaire for W2 wage earners
- Award letters and Monthly Statements (for income such as Social Security, Retirement, Unemployment)
+ Court Orders (for income such as Alimony and Child Support)
- Lease Agreements for Real Estate/Rental Income
- Signed / Notarized letters for Non-Borrower Contribution .
- Profit and Loss Statement Template (attached in this package: you are only required to complete this if you
are self-employed)
- Other documentation to evidence income sources nat listed above.

If you do not intend to maintain ownership of the property, the following information may be required to fully
evaluate you for other non- home retention options. Please see the attached Pre-Foreclosure Sale Information Sheet
for more information if you are unable to maintain ownership of your = property. Ifyou have any of the below, please
include them in your Loss Mitigation Application:

___ M&T Bank Arm’s Length Addendum (attached herein: must be signed & dated by the seller(s) & buyer(s))
__ Listing Agreement (current, non-expired listing agreement signed and dated by the sellers)

___ Current MLS print out

___ Signed Authorization for a 3rd Party

____ Purchase Contract (signed and dated by the seller(s) and buyer(s))

___ Preliminary HUD-1 Settlement Statement

__ Buyer’s Pre-approval Letter or Proof of Funds for a Cash Offer

CLA35

Payment Processing: P.O. Box 62182, Baltimore, MD 21264-2182
Notices of Error or Information Requests: M&T Bank, P.O. Box 62986, Baltimore, MD 21264-2986
Mortgage account information: 1 800 724 1633, just a click away at mtb.com,



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number <

780-3874-1022F - Page 1

Loan Number:

Borrower Financial Report
(710 Form for FHA)
Ifyou are having mortgage payment challenges, please complete and submit this application, along with the required

documentation, to M&T Bank via mail: P.O. Box 840, Buffalo, NY 14240-0840, fax: 1-855-678-0866, or email:

opsmtgsupport@mtb.com. We will contact you within five business days to acknowledge receipt and let you know if you need to
send additional information ordocuments. .

‘We will use the information you provide to help us identify the assistance you may be eligible to receive. If you need help
completing this application, please contact M&T Bank at 1-800-724-1633.

Fora list of HUD-approved housing counseling agencies that can provide foreclosure prévention information, contact one of the
following federal government agencies:

* _ The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) at (800) 569-4287 or www.hud.gov/counseling

* The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) at (855) 411-2372 or www.consumerfinance.gov/mortgagehelp
if you need assistance with translation or other language assistance, HUD-approved housing counseling agencies may be able to assist’
you. These services are provided without charge.

Social Security Number {last 4 digits):

E-mail address: —

Primary phone number: Cell 0 Home 0 Work 0 Other
Alternate phone number: oa cell O Home D Work Dother
Co-borrower's name; :

Social Security Number (last 4 digits):

E-mail address:

Primary phone number: 1 cell Home (1 Work 0 other

Alternate phone number: O Cell Home 1 Work O Other -

Preferred contact method (choose all that apply): (1 Cell phone () Home phone 1 Work Phone 1 Email 0 Text—checking
this box indicates your consent for text messaging

|s either borrower on active duty with the military (including the National Guard and Reserves), the dependent of a borrower
on active duty, or the surviving spouse of a member of the military who was on active duty at the time of death? 0 Yes 1 No

Property Address:

Mailing address (if different from property address):
© The property is currently: Cl Aprimary residence [© Asecond home LD] An investment property

© The property is (select all that apply): [1 Owner occupied C] Renter occupied O] Vacant
e {want to: [1 Keep the property C1 Sell the property 1] Transfer ownership of the property to my servicer [] Undecided

Is the property listed for sale? C1-Yes. (1 No —if yes, provide the listing agent’s name and phone number—or indicate “for.
sale by owner” if applicable:

ls the property subject to condominium or homeowners’ association (HOA) fees? C1 Yes LJ No — If yes, indicate monthly dues:

$



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

Hardshi,

The hardship causing mortgage payment challenges began onapproximately (date), and is believed tobe:

1 Short-term (up to 6 months)
© Long-term or permanent (greater than 6 months)
OO Resolved as of (date)

TYPE OF HARDSHIP REQUIRED HARDSHIP DOCUMENTATION
1 Unemployment * Not required
C1 Reduction in income: a hardship that has caused a = Notrequired

decrease in your income due to circumstances outside
your control (e.g., elimination of overtime, reduction
in reguiar working hours, a reduction in base pay)

D1 Increase in housing-related expenses: a hardship that « Not required
has caused an increase in your housing expenses due
to circumstances outside your control (e.g., uninsured
losses, increased property taxes, HOA special

assessment)
O Disaster (natural or man-made} impacting the = Not required
property or borrower's place of employment
Long-term or permanent disability, or serious illness ® Written statement from the borrower, or other
of a borrower/co-borrower or dependent family documentation verifying disability orillness
member Note: Detailed medical information is not required, and
information from a medical provider is not required
1 Divorce or legal separation = Final divorce decree or final separation agreementOR
= Recorded quitclaim deed
1 Separation of borrowers unrelated by marriage, civil « Recorded quitclaim deed OR
union, or similar domestic partnership under = Legally binding agreement evidencing that the non-
applicable taw occupying borrower or co-borrower has relinquished alf
rights to the property
1 Death of borrower or death of either the : primary or = Death certificate OR
secondary wage earner ™ Obituary or newspaper article reporting thedeath
0 Distant employment transfer/relocation «For active-duty service members: Permanent Change

ofStation (PCS) orders or letter showingtransfer,

«For employment transfers/new employment: Copy of
signed offer letter or notice from employer showing
transfer to a new location or written explanation if
employer documentation not applicable, AND

= Documentation that reflects the amount of any relocation
assistance provided {not required for those with PCS
orders)

1 Other — hardship that is not covered above: . = Written explanation describing the details of the hardship
and any-relevant documentation

zeBeq- azzol-sz9e-0S2



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

* A questionnaire should be completed for each borrower receiving W2 wages ~ only putting one employer per
page. The information provided below will allow us to better understand your income situation, evaluate income
consistency, and calculate income levels,

Loan Number:

Borrower Name:

Employer Name:

Date of Hire:

How many months per year are you paid?
112 months
C1 Other - list how many months:

ls your employment on a permanent or temporary basis?

O Permanent
1 Temporary — If temporary, how many months are left in your contract?

Do you receive Bonus income?

ONo
01 Yes — if yes, answer the below:
© Frequency of Bonus (Monthly, Quarterly, Annually, etc)
« Howis the bonus received?
Received in same check as base salary/wages
DiReceived in separate check
Do you consistently Receive the bonus each period? 0 No Cl Yes

750-3574-1022F -Page3

Do you receive Commission Income?

ONo
0 Yes — if yes, answer the below:
© Frequency of Bonus (Monthly, Quarterly, Annually, etc)
* Howis the commission received?
OiReceived in same check as base salary/wages
GReceived in separate check
Do you consistently Receive the bonus each period? C) No 01 Yes

Are there any upcoming changes expected to employment status?

CNo
O Yes - If yes, please explain:



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

Please enter all borrower income amounts in middle column.

OWER INCOME TYPE

REQUIRED INCOME D

Gross (pre-tax) wages, salaries and
overtime pay, commissions, tips, and

Most recent pay stub and documentation of year-to-
date earnings if not on pay stubOR

bonuses Two most recent bank statements showing income
deposit amounts. .
Self-employment income $ Two most recent bank statements showing self-

employed income deposit amounts OR

Most recent signed and dated quarterly or year-to-date
profit/loss statement OR

Most recent complete and signed business taxreturn
OR .

Most recent complete and signed individual-federal
income tax return

Unemployment benefit income

No documentation required

Taxable Social Security, pension,
disability, death benefits, adoption
assistance, housing allowance, and
other public assistance

Two most recent bank statements showing deposit
amounts OR

Award letters or other documentation showing the
amount and frequency of the benefits

Non-taxable Social Security or disability $

Two most recent bank statements showing deposit

above (Note: Only include alimony,
child support, or separate maintenance
income if you choose to have it
considered for repaying this loan)

income amounts OR
. “Award letters or other documentation showing the

amount and frequency of the benefits

Rental income (rents received, less $ Two most recent bank statements demonstrating

expenses other than mortgage receipt of rentOR

expense) Two most recent deposited rent checks

Investment or insurance income $ Two most recent investment statementsOR
‘Two mast recent bank statements supporting receipt
of the income

Other sources of income not listed $ Two most recent bank statements showing receipt of

income OR *

Other documentation showing the amount and
frequency of the income

529 plan.

Exclude retirement funds such as a 401(k) or Individual Retirement Account (IRA), and college savings accounts such as a

Checking account(s) and cash on hand

Savings, money market funds, and Certificates of Deposit (CDs)

Stocks and bonds {non-retirement accounts)

Other:

an | in| nin

p oed - GZZOL-SZSE-09L



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

fov-eo/@-tveer = rage 9

Are you or the co-borrower known by any other name?

Yes:[__] No:[__]

If “Yes” what other names are you or the co-borrower known by?

Marital Status:

We are collecting the data on this form for the limited purpose of verifying your marital status so that we can determine whether
additional signatures (besides yours) are required to close your loss mitigation option should you be approved.

[] Single
(7) Married

Date of marriage:.
Maiden Name (if applicable):
Spouse’s full name (first, middle, last):

| Divorced

Date of divorce:
*Send in Divorce Decree and Quit Claim Deed

[[[] separated
Date of separation:
*Send in Separation Agreement and Quit Claim Deed

[=] widowed

Oate of death of the deceased:

‘Transfer of the property:
Have you transferred the property to another person, company, or trust?

Yes:(__] No]

_| If “Yes” what's the name of the other person, company, or trust that you transferred title to?

Power of Attorney:
Will you be using a Power of Attorney to allow someone else to sign on your behalf for this loan workout?

Yes:(__] No{__]

Second Lien Information:
{f there is a 2" lien associated with this property please provide the information below:

Lien Holder's Name:__ : Lien Holder's Phone Number:
Amount of Lien: $ Loan Number:



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

1. {certify and acknowledge that all of the information in this Borrower Financial Report is truthful, and the hardship |
identified contributed to my need for mortgage relief, Knowingly submitting false information may violate Federal and
other applicable law.

2. fagree to provide my servicer with all required documents, including any additional supporting dacumentation as
requested, and will respond in a timely manner to all servicer or authorized third party* communications.

3. lacknowledge and agree that my servicer is not obligated to offer me assistance based solely on the representations in
this document or other documentation submitted in connection with my request.

4. I consent to the servicer or authorized third party* obtaining a current credit report for the borrower and co-borrower.

5. I consent to the disclosure by my servicer, authorized third party,* or any investor/guarantor of my mortgage loan(s), of
any personal information collected during the mortgage assistance process and of any information about any relief |
receive, to any third party that deals with my first lien or subordinate lien (if applicable) mortgage loan(s}, including any
investor, insurer, guarantor, or servicer of my mortgage loan(s) or any companies that provide support services to them,
for purposes permitted by applicable law. Personal information may include but is not limited to: (a) my name, address,
telephone number, (b) my Social Security number, (c) my credit score, (d) my income, and (e) my payment history and
information about my account balances and activity.

6. agree that the terms of this borrower certification and agreement will apply ‘to any modification trial period plan,
repayment plan, or forbearance plan that | may be offered based on this application. if | receive an offer fora
modification trial period plan or. ‘repayment plan, | agree that my first timely payment under the plan will serve as
acceptance of the plan.

7. \ consent te being contacted concerning this application for mortgage assistance at any telephone number, including
mobile telephone number, or email address } have provided to the lender, servicer, or authorized third party.*
* An authorized third party may include, but is not limited to, a housing counseling agency, Housing Finance Agency (HFA)
or other similar entity that is assisting me in obtaining a foreclosure prevention alternative.

Please note: if you provide M&T with an external email address that was provided to you by an employer, your employer may
have access to confidential Information contained in emall messages from M&T. M&T will use the employer-provided email
address provided by you to M&T to communicate with you in attempt to callect any debt owed by you to M&T.

Borrower Consent to the Use of Tax Return information:

Borrower understands, acknowledges, and agrees that the Lender and Other Loan Participants can obtain, use, and
share Borrower's tax return information for purposes of (i) providing an offer; (ii} originating, maintaining, managing,
monitoring, servicing, selling, insuring, and securitizing a loan; (iii) marketing; or (iv) as otherwise permitted by
applicable taws, including state and federal privacy and data security laws. The Lender includes the Lender’s affiliates,
agents, service providers and any of aforementioned parties’ successors and assigns. The Other Loan Participants
includes any actual or potential owners of 2 loan resulting from your loan application, or acquirers of any beneficial or
other interest in the loan, any mortgage insurer, guarantor, any servicers, or service providers for these parties and any
of aforementioned parties’ successors and assigns.

Borrower signature: Date:

Co-Borrower signature: Date:

Please submit your completed application, together with the required documentation, to M&T Bank via mail:

P.O. Box 840, Buffalo, NY 14240-0840, fax: 1-855-678-0866, or email: opsmtgsupport@mtb.com. We will contact you
within five business days to acknowledge receipt and let you know if you need to send additional information or
documents.

We will use the information you provided to help us identity the assistance you may be eligible to receive.

9 eBeg ~ gzzor-GZse-09L,



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number .
Form 4506-C Department of the Treasury ~|ntemet Revenue ‘Service OMB Number
(September 2020) IVES Request for Transcript of Tax Return 1646-1872

> Do not sign this form unless all applicable lines have bsen completed.
) Request may be rejected if the form Is Incomplete or illegible.
> For more Information about Form 4506-C, visit www.irs.gov and search IVES,

1a. Name shown on tax return (if a joint retum, enter the name shown ‘1b. First social security number on tax return, individual taxpayer identification
first) number, ar employer identification number (saa instructions)

2a. If a joint return, enter spouse's name shown on tax retum 2b, Second social security number or Individual taxpayer Identification number
Hf Joint tax return

3. Currant name, scerman (oluding apt, room, or eua na) Cty. salo, and ZIP code (see ineinsatons)

3 Previous address chown on the ac rum fod # ferent rom ina 6 (660 ed UCHOTS)

Sa. IVES participant nama, address, and SOR mailbox ID
Data Verify 250 B. Broad St. Suite 2100, Columbus, OH 43215
‘Sb. Customer file number (if applicable) (sea instructions)

Caution: This tax transcript Is being sent to the third party entered on Line Sa. Ensure that lines 5 through 8 are completed before signing. (see instructions)

6. ‘Transcript requasted. Eniar the tax form number here (1040, 1085, 1120, etc.) and check the appropriate box below. Enter only ane tax farm number
perrequest 1040

a. Return Transcript, which includes most of the line items of a tax return as filed with the IRS. A tax retum transcript does not reflect changes &
made to the accaunt after the return is processed. Transcripts are only available for the following returns: Farm 1040 series, Farm 1085, Form
1420, Form 1120-A, Form 1120-H, Form 1120-L, and Form 11208. Return transcripts are available far the current year and retums processed
during the priar 3 processing years:
b. Account Transeript, which contains information on the financial status of the account, such as payments made on the account, penalty
assessments, and adjustments made by you or the IRS after the ratum was filed. Retum information is {imited to Items such as tax lability and
estimated tax payments. Account transcripts are available for most retums

Record af Acoount, which provides the mest detailed information as it fsa combination ofthe Retum Transcript end the Account Transcript, oO
Available for current year and 3 prior tax years

7. Form W.2, Form 1099 serlas, Form 1098 series, or Form 5498 series transcript. The IRS con provide a Wansorpt that Includes data from these oO
information retums. State or local information is not included with the Form W-2 information. The IRS may be able to provide this transcript information
for up to 10 years. information for the current year Is generally not available until the year after it Is filed with the IRS. For axample, W-2 information far
2016, filad In 2017, will ikely not be available from the IRS until 2018. If you need W-2 information for retirement purposes, you should contact the
Social Security Administration at 1-800-772-1213,

Caution: If you need a copy of Form W-2 or Form 1099, you shauld first contact the payer. To get a copy of the Form W-2 or Farm 1099 filed with your return,
you must use Form 4806 and request a copy of your return, which includes all attachments.
8. Year or period requested. Enter the ending date of the tax year or period using the mm/dd/yyyy format (see /nstructions)

12 7 31_/ 2020 12 7 31 4 2021 i i L L
Caution: Da not sign this form unless all applicable lines have been completed. .
Signature of taxpayer(e). 'deciare hal 'am ener the taxpayer whose name js shown on Une 1a or Za, cra parson authorized lo oblain the tax formation
requested, if the request applies to a joint return, at laast one spouse must sign. If signed by a corporate officer, 1 percent or more shareholder, partner,
managing member, guardian, tax matters partner, executor, receiver, administrator, trustee, or party ather than the taxpayer, 1 Carty that | have the authority to
execute Form 4506-C on behalf of the taxpayer. Note: This form must be recsived by IRS within 120 days of the signature date.

& Sieratory sttents that halshe hae read the atestaton claus and upon so ending deciaresthathafa han the author to ign the Form 4508-6.

9

‘Signature (see instructions) Date Phone number of taxpayer on line 1a or 2a

Print/Type name

Sign ‘Title (if ine 1a above is @ corporation, partnership, estate, or trust)
Here

‘Spouse's signature . . Date

PrintType name

Catalog Number 72627P www.lrs.gov Form 4506-C (9-2020)

Ene Birhinmes Ané and Bananuinels Dadvindinn Act Mintinn enn mann 2



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

Instructions for Form 4506-C, IVES Request for Transcript of Tax Return

‘Section references are to the Intemal Revenue
-Code unless otherwise noted.

Future Developments

For the latest information sbout Form 4506-C and
its Instructions, go to www.irs.gov and search
IVES. Information about any recent developments
affecting Form 4506-C (such as legistation
enacted after we released It) will ba posted on that
page.

What's New. Form 4506-C was created to ba
utilized by authorized IVES participants to order
tax transcripts with the consent of the taxpayer.

General Instructions

‘Caution: Do not sign this form unless all
applicable lines have been completed.

Designated Recipient Notification. Internal
Revenue Cade, Section 6103(c), fimits disclosure
and use of return information received pursuant.to
the taxpayer's consent and halds the recipient
‘subject to penalties for any unauthorized access,

other use, or redisclosure without the cxpayers
express permission ar request.

‘Taxpayer Notification. intemal Revenue Code,
‘Section 6103(c), limits disclosure and uss of return
provided pursuant to your consent and
holds the recipient subject to penalties, brought by
private right of action, for any unauthorized
access, other use, or redisclasure without your
express permission ar request.
Purpose of form. Use Form 4506-C to request
tax rétum information through an authorized IVES
Participant. You will designate an IVES participant
‘to receive the information on line 5a,

Note: if yau are unsure of which type of transcript
you need, check with the party requesting your tax
information.

‘Where ta file. The IVES participant will fax Form
4506-C with the approved IVES cover sheet to

thelr assigned Service Center,
Chart for ordering transcripts
Ifyour assigned Fax the requests with
Service Centar is: the approved
covershest to:
Austin Submission Austin (VES Team
Pracessing Center
844-249-6238
Fresno Submission Fresno IVES Team
Pracessing Canter
844-248-6239
Kansas City Submission | Kansas City IVES
Processing Center Team
844-240-8128
Ogden Submission Ogden IVES Tear
Processing Center
844-249-8129

Specific Instructions

Line 1b, Enter the social security number (SSN)
of individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN)
for the individual listad on line 4a, or enter the
employer identification number (EIN) for the
business listed on line 1a.

Line 3. Enter your current address. If you use a
P.O. box, include it on this line.

Line 4, Enter the address shown on the last retum
filed if different from the address antered on line 3,

Note: if the addresses on lines 3 and 4.are
different and you have not changed your address
with the IRS, file Form 8822, Change of Address,
‘or Form 8822-B,Change of Address or
Responsible Party — Business, with Form 4506-C.

Line Sb. Enter up to 10 numeric characters to
create a unique customer file number that will
‘appear on the transcript, The customer file number
cannot contain an SSN, ITIN or EIN. Completion
of this line Is nat required.

Note. if you use an SSN, name or combination of
‘both, we will not input the information and the
customer file number will reflect a generic entry of
"9999999990" on the transcript.

Line 8. Enter the end date of the tex year or
partod requested In mrvdd/yyyy format. This may
be a calendar year, fiscal year or quarter. Enter
each quarter requested for quarterly returns,
Example: Enter 12/31/2018 for a calendar year
2018 Form 1040 transcript.

Signature and date. Form 4508-C must be
signed and dated by the taxpayer listed on tine 1a
or 2a. The IRS must receive Farm 4506-C within
120 days of the date signad by the taxpayer or It
‘will be rejected. Ensure that all applicable lines,

-_ including fines Sa through 8, are completed before _

‘signing, .

You must chock tho bax in tho signature
A area to acknowledge you have the authorty
fo sign and request tho information. The frm
Pate es will not be processed if unchecked.

Individuals. Transcripts listed on on line 6 may be
furnished to either spouse if Jointly flled. Only one
signature fs required. Sign Form 4506-C exactly
‘as your name appeared on the original retum. if
you changed your name, also sign your current
name.

Corporations. Generally, Form 4506-C can be
‘signed by:

(1) en officer having legal authority fo bind the
corporation, (2) any person designated by the
beard of directors or other governing body, or (3)
any officer or employee on written request by any
Principal officer and attested fo by tha secratary or
other officer. A bona fide shareholder of record
owning 1 percent or more of the outstanding stock
of the corporation may submit a Form 4506-C but.
must provide dacumentatian to support the
raquestar's right to receive the information,

Partnerships. Generally, Form 4508-C can be"
‘signed by any person who was a member of the
partnership during any part of the tax pariod
requested on line 8.

All others. Sea section 6103(a) if the taxpayer
has died, is Insolvent, Is a dissolved corporation,

Note: If you ara Helr at law, Naxt of kin, or
Beneficiary you must be able to estabilsh a
material interest in the estate or trust. °

‘Bocumentatien. For entities other than
Individuals, you must attach the authorization
document. Fer example, this could be the letier
from the principal officer authorizing an employee
of the corporation ar the letters testamentary
‘authorizing an individual to act for an estate.

‘Signature by a representative. A representative
can sign Farm 4506-C for a taxpayer only if the
taxpayer has specifically delegated this authority
to the representative on Form 2848, lina 5. The
fepresentative must atiach Form 2848 showing
the delegation to sign Farm 4508-C.

Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act
Notice. We ask for the informatian on this form to
establish your right ta gain access ta the
requested tax information under the Intemal
Revenue Code. We nead this Information to
proparty identify the tax information and respond
fo your request. You are nat requirad to request
any transcript; if you do request a transcript,
sections 6103 and 6109 and their regulations
Tequire you to provide this information, including
your SSN or EIN. If you do not provide this
information, we may not be able to process your
fequest. Providing false or fraudulent information
may subject you to penalties.

Routine uses of this information inciude giving it to
the Department of Justice for civil and criminal.
litigation, and cities, states, the District of
Columbla, and U.S. commanwealths and
possessions for use in administering their tax
flaws. We may also disclose this information to
cather countries under a tax treaty, to federal and
stale agencies to enforce federal nontax criminal
laws, or to federal law enforcement and
Intelligence agencies to combat terrorism.

You are not required to provide the Informatian
requested -on a form that is subject to the
Paperwork Reduction Act unless the form displays
a valid OMB control number. Books or records
relating to @ form or its instructions must be
retained as long as their contents may become
material in the administration of any intemal
Revenue law. Generally, tax retums and return
Information are confidential, as raquired by section
6103.

The time needed to complete and file Form 4506-
‘Cwill vary depending on individual circumstances.
The estimated average time Is:

10 min,

Leaming about the law or the form . . .

if you have comments conceming the accuracy of
these time estimates or suggestions for making
Form 4506-C sinipter, we would be happy to hear
from you. You can write to:

intemal Revenue Service

‘Tax Farms and Publications Division
1144 Constitution Ave. NW, IR-6526
Washington, DC 20224 ~

Dorot send the form to this address. Instead, sae

or if a trustee, guardian, executor, receiver, or ‘Where to file on this page.
administrator Is acting for the taxpayer.
Catalog Number 72627P warw.irs.gov Form 4506-C (9.2020)



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

(nu-aayeusece

U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development
Office of Housing
Federal Housing Commissioner

_ OMB Approval ‘No, 2502-0589
(exp. 8/31/2023)

Information Sheet
Pre-foreclosure Sale Procedure

Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15 minutes per response,
including the time for reviewing instructions, searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the
data needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. This information is required to obtain

benefits. HUD may not collect this information, and you are not required to complete this form, unless it

displays a currently valid OMB control number.

Section 1064 of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Amendments Act of 1988 authorizes the
Secretary to pay an insurance claim that “bridges the gap” between the fair market value proceeds from the
HUD-approved third party sale of a property. The respondents are lenders, counselors, and homeowners who
are attempting to sell their properties prior to foreclosure. The Privacy Act of 1974 pledges assurances of
confidentiality to respondents. HUD. generally discloses this data only in response to a Freedom of Information

request.

Homeowners who have defaulted on their mortgages
often attempt to sell their properties in order to avoid
foreclosure and to protect their credit standing.
However, because of declining property values in
certain areas, some homeowners cannot realize
enough from the sale to pay off their mortgage
balances.

Therefore, the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) has implemented the Pre-
foreclosure Sale (PFS) Program. This program
permits homeowners fo attempt to sell their home for
a fair market sale price, which can be less than the
amount owed to the lender. HUD then reimburses the
lender for the difference between the sale proceeds
and the, outstanding mortgage indebtedness.

Homeowners who sell their properties under the PFS
Program may also benefit by avoiding the effect of a
foreclosure on their credit rating.

Upon review of the homeowner's financial situation,
the lender will determine the type of PFS process for
which the homeowner qualifies: (1) Standard PFS, (2)
Streamlined PFS, or (3) Streamlined PFS for
Servicemembers with Permanent Change of Station
Orders.

Once the type of PFS has been determined, there are
certain criteria which must be met before the
homeowner may be permitted to pursue a PFS.

Homeowners must engage the services of a real
estate broker/agent. The real estate broker/agent
selected must have no conflict of interest with the
homeowner, lender, appraiser, or buyer associated
with the PFS transaction. The transaction must be
between two unrelated parties and be characterized
by a selling price and other conditions that would

prevail in a typical real estate sales transaction. If the
homeowner secures a sales contract prior fo receiving
the Approval to Participate, the homeowner may
submit the contract to the lender for consideration of
PFS Program approval.

Owner-occupant homeowners who are not required
to make minimum cash reserve contributions and
successfully sell their properties using this program
are relieved of their mortgage obligation and may
be entitled to a cash incentive up to $3,000. The
homeowner may apply a portion or the entire
amount of the $3,000 consideration to resolve junior
liens and to offset the sales transaction costs not
paid by HUD (including a home warranty plan fee,
costs of optional repairs, and buyer's closing
expenses). Eligible homeowners are permitted at
closing to receive the remaining amount from the
aforementioned $3,000 consideration. This
remaining amount may only be used for transition or
relocation assistance.

If, after a good faith effort, an acceptable purchase
offer is not obtained within the allotted tirne, the lender
may accept a Deed-in-Lieu (DIL) of Foreclosure from
the homeowner. While a DIL is less desirable than a
PFS on a homeowner's credit record, it is still looked
upon more favorably by creditors than a foreclosure.

By calling this number,1-800-724-1633.

the homeowner will receive further details from their

‘lender about the procedure and whether they may

qualify. Please NOTE that the homeowner is under
no obligation to make this call.

form HUD-30035 (09/2016)



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

SUL BUBLEE-OSL,

Loan Number:

PROFIT AND LOSS STATEMENT (MINIMUM OF LAST FULL THREE MONTHS BUT NO MORE THAN 12)

Please complete a separate Profit and Loss Statement for each business owned by the borrower(s)
*This form also needs to be completed if you are a 1099 employee

. Company Name:
Type of Business: Percentage of Ownership
Check one: Business is [JAN yearOR [_]Seasonal if seasonal, enter the number of months:
For the Period: through : Date of business formation:
MM/DD/YYYY MM/DD/YVYY MM/OD/YYYY

Name(s) of Business Owner(s):

Income: Gross Sales and Receipts...
Costs of Goods Sold....
Other Income: Interest, fees earned, etc..

Tatal Income (Gross Sales + Other income)

Business-Only

Expenses: Officer Wages and Salaries

How are the wages received? (—"] W-2. [_] Owner draws
(if taxes deducted, provide 30-days current paystubs)

Employee Wages and Salaries

Payroll Taxes Business

Utilities

Business Rent and/or Mortgage Payments Insurance

Advertising

Telephone Office

Expenses

Repairs and Maintenance

Business Travel, Meals, and Entertainment Supplies

. Other Business Expenses...

Other Business Expens:

Other Business Expenses...

[__ Total Business Expenses ]

Net Income/Loss: (Total Income minus Total Business Expenses) |

Amounts'can be verified with my [_JBusiness Bank Statements [_]Personal Bank Statements
This form accurately states my/our business expenses and self-employed income for the stated period.

Business Owner’s Signature Date

Business Owner's Signature Date

‘Mx Bank Profit & Loss Statement . ‘May 2018.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&T Bank ARM’s Length Addendum — only complete form if there is a purchase offer on the property

Servicer: M&T Bank Servicer Loan Number:
Property Address:

Date of Purchase Contract:

Seller: Buyer:

Seller: Buyer:

Listing Agent: Buyer’s Agent:
Company: Company:

Listing Broker: Buyer's Broker:
Company: Company:
Escraw/Closing Agent: Transaction Facilitator (if applicable):
Company:

This Pre-Foreclosuré -Sale Addendum

750-4002-0219F - Page.

(“Addendum”) is given by the  Seller(s),

Buyer(s), Agent(s), and

Facilitator/Negotiator to the Mortgagee of the mortgage loan secured by the Property (“Mortgage”) in consideration for
the mutual and respective benefits to be derived from the pre-foreclosure sale of the Property. .

NOW, THEREFORE, the Seller(s), Buyer(s), Agent(s), and Facilitator/Negotiator do hereby represent, warrant and agree
under the pains and penalties of perjury, to the best of each signatory’s knowledge and belief, as follows:

(a) The sale of the Property is an “arm’s length” transaction, between Seller(s) and Buyer(s) who are unrelated and

unaffiliated by family, marriage, or commercial enterprise, Additionally, the transaction is characterized by a selling price

and other conditions that would prevail in an open market environment and there are no hidden terms or special

understandings that exist between any of the parties involved in the transaction including, but not limited to the buyer,

seller, appraiser, broker, sales agent (including, but not limited to the listing agent and seller’s "s agent}, closing agent and

mortgagee, except where such provision is expressly prohibited by law;

(b

involved in the sale of the Property has been disclosed to the Mortgagee;

(c)

Any relationship or affiliation by family, marriage or commercial enterprise to the Seller(s) or Buyer(s) by other parties

There are no agreements, understandings or contracts between the Seller(s) and Buyer(s) that the Seller(s) will remain in

the Property as tenants or later obtain title or ownership of the Property, except that the Seller(s) are permitted to

remain as tenants in the Property for a short term, as is common and customary in the market but no longer than ninety

(90) days, in order to facilitate relocation, except where such provision is expressly prohibited by law;



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

M&T Bank ARM's Length Addendum ~ only complete this form if there is a purchase offer on the property

(d) Neither the Seller(s) nor the Buyer(s) will receive any funds or commissions from the sale of the Property except that the
_ Seller(s) may receive a payment if it is offered by the Mortgagee, and, if the payment is made at closing of the sale of the
Property, reflected on the HUD-1 Settlement Statement;

(e)

There are no agreements, understandings, current or pending higher offers, or contracts relating to the current sale of
subsequent sale of the Property that have not been disclosed to the Mortgagee; :
(f} The current sale transaction is a market real estate transaction, and the buyer is making an outright purchase of real
property;

The current sale transactions will be recorded;

{e)
(h

All amounts to be paid to any person or entity, including holders of other liens on the Property, in connection with the
pre-foreciosure sale have been disclosed to and approved by the Mortgagee and will be reflected on the HUD-1
Settlement Statement; .

(i) Each signatory understands, agrees and intends that the Mortgagee is relying upon the statements made in the
Addendum as consideration for the reduction of the payoff amount of the Mortgage and agreement to the sale of the
Property;

{j) Each signatory who makes a negligent or intentional misrepresentation agrees to indemnify the Mortgagee for any and all
loss resulting from the misrepresentation including, but not limited to, repayment of the amount of the reduced payoff of
the Mortgage; :

(k) This Addendum and all representations, warranties‘and settlements made herein will survive the closing of the pre-
foreclosure sale transaction;

(I) Except for the real estate agents and brokers identified in this addendum, the signatories to this agreement can only serve
in one capacity in order to be in compliance with HUD’s policies on conflicts of interest and arms-length transactions;

{m) The listing Agent and Listing Broker certify that the subject property was initially listed in the Multiple Listing Service
(MLS) for a period of 15 calendar days before any offers were evaluated;

(n) If multiple offers were under consideration at the time the offer was submitted for acceptance, the Listing Agent and
Listing Broker certify that, of all of the offers meeting HUD’s guidelines, this offer yield the highest net return; and

(0) Each signatory certifies that all the information stated herein, as well as any information provided in.the accompaniment

herewith, is true and accurate. HUD will prosecute false claims and statements. Conviction may result in criminal and/or

civil penalties. (18 U.S.C. 1001. 1010. 1012; 31 U.S.C. 3729. 3802)

Taleg - astz0-e00P-0SL



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

750-4002-02198 - Page 3

M&T Bank ARM's Length Addendum — only complete this form if there is a purchase offer on the property

{Escrow Closing Agent's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.

{Seller's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.

(Seller’s Signature) By: . :

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.

{Listing Agent’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this day of 20__.

{Listing Broker's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.

(Buyer's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of »20__.

(Buyer's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20__.

{Buyer's Agent's Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this day of 20__-

{Buyer's Brokers’ Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this day of 20.
” {Transaction Facilitator's Signature (if applicable) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this day of 20.



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

750-3342-O817F

SHORT SALE AFFIDAVIT GSE
Servicer: : Servicer Loan Number:
Address of Property:
Date of Purchase Contract: Investor:
—/
Seller: Buyer:
Seller: Buyer:
Seller’s Agent/Listing Agent: Buyer’s Agent:
Escrow Closing Agent: Transaction Facilitator (if applicable):

This Short Sale Affidavit (“Affidavit”) is given by the Seller(s), Buyer(s), Agent(s), and Facilitator to the
Servicer and the Investor of the mortgage loan secured by the Property (“Mortgage”) in consideration for the
mutual and respective benefits to be derived from the short sale of the Property.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Seller(s), Buyer(s), Agent(s), and Facilitator do hereby represent, warrant and agree
under the pains and penalties of perjury, to the best of each signatory's knowledge and belief, as follows:

(a) The sale of the Property is an “arm's length" transaction, between Seller(s) and Buyer(s) who are unrelated and
unaffiliated by family, marriage, or commercial enterprise;

, (b) There are no agreements, understandings or contracts between the Seller(s) and Buyer(s) that the Seller(s) will

remain in the Property as tenants or later obtain title or ownership of the Property, except that the Sellers(s) are
permitted to remain as tenants in the Property for a short term, as is common and customary in the market but no
longer than ninety (90) days, in order to facilitate relocation;

{c) Neither the Sellers(s) nor the Buyer(s) will receive any funds or commissions from the sale of the Property except
that the Seller(s) may receive a payment if it is offered by the Servicer, approved by the Investor and, if the payment
is made at closing of the short sale of the Property, reflected on the HUD-1 Settlement Statement;

(d) The Seller's Listing Agent has presented all offers for the purchase of the Property to the Borrower and no offers
have been held, concealed or delayed due to action or inaction by any Agent.'

(e) There are no agreements, understandings or contracts relating to the current sale or subsequent sale of the Property
that have not been disclosed to the Servicer;

(£) All amounts to be paid to any person or entity, including holders of other liens on the Property, in connection with
the short sale have been disclosed to and approved by the Servicer and will be reflected on the HUD-1 Settlement
Statement;

(g) Each signatory understands, agrees and intends that the Servicer and the Investor are relying upon the statements
made in this Affidavit as consideration for the reduction of the payoff amount of the Mortgage and. agreement to the
sale of the Property;

“1 Asof August 1, 2014, this attestation is a mandatory requirement.

Short Sale Affidavit . 08/14



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

(h) A signatory who makes a negligent or intentional misrepresentation agrees to indemnify the Servicer and the
Investor for any and all loss resulting from the misrepresentation including, but not limited to, repayment of the

@

0)

amount of the reduced payoff of the Mortgage;

This Affidavit and all representations, warranties and statements made herein will survive the closing of the short

sale transaction; and

Each signatory understands that a misrepresentation may subject the person making the misrepresentation to civil

and/or criminal liability.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, | have subscribed my name this

(Seller’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

(Seller’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

(Buyer’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

(Buyer’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

(Seller’s Agent/Listing Agent’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

(Escrow Closing Agent’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, J have subscribed my name this

(Buyer’s Agent’s Signature) By:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have subscribed my name this

(Transaction Facilitator’s Signature (if applicable) By:

Short Sale Affidavit

day of , 20.
day of 20.
day of _, 20
day of 20.
day of. 20
day of. 20,
day of. 20.
day of 20,
08/14

AILIRO-RbER-OSL



|

BUSINESS REPLY MAIL

FIRSTCLASS MAIL PERMIT NO. 570 BUFFALO NY

POSTAGE WILL BE PAID BY ADDRESSEE

M&TBank

NY1-CP10. 5807-LOSS MITIGATION
P.O, BOX 840
BUFFALO NY 14240-9980

NO POSTAGE
NECESSARY
FFMALED
INTHE
UNITED STATES

(lela NL Eg beg ef etgeghglene lid alate

JequinN 304900
lois - Ned Jouedns

WY 00:21 SZOZ/L/Z1 Pelt EG



Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

EXHIBIT G


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

P.O. Box 5041
Troy, Ml 48007-5041

Joshua Cummings
756 County St
Attleboro, MA 02703

25-000445


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court Bristol
Docket Number

This page intentionally left blank


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

PO Box 540540

ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC Watham, Massachusetts 02454

P (781) 790-7800 F (781) 790-7801
www.Orlans.com
Business Hours: 8:30 AM — 5:00 PM ET

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, MI, NH, PA, RI, VA.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

February 28, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Joshua Cummings

756 County Street
Attleboro, MA 02703

RE: Our File Number: 25-000445 .
Property Address: 756 County Street, Attleboro, MA 02703

Dear Joshua Cummings:

This law firm has been retained by M&T Bank regarding the mortgage which encumbers the above real
property (the “Mortgage”). The Note evidencing the loan in the original principal amount of $471,306.00
and the Mortgage are collectively called the “Mortgage Loan.”

An attorney.has reviewed information provided by our client and has been involved in the preparation of
this letter.

According to the records of our client, your Mortgage Loan is in default. As a result, the Mortgage
Loan has been accelerated and M&T Bank has referred the matter to our office for further action.

You have the right to reinstate the Mortgage Loan by paying all past due installments, late charges,
delinquent taxes, insurance premiums, and costs and fees incurred in the foreclosure. To request
reinstatement information, contact our Loan Resolution Department at (781) 790-7800.

Very truly yours,
Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

PO Box 40540
ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC Waltham, Masachusets 02454
P (781} 790-7800 F (781) 790-7801
www.Orlans.com
Business Hours: 8:30 AM 5:00 PM ET

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, MI, NH, PA, RI, VA

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

February 28, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Joshua Cummings

756 County Street °
Attleboro, MA 02703

RE: 756 County Street, Attleboro, MA 02703
Orlans File No. 25-000445
Rights under Servicemembers Civil Relief Act

Dear Joshua Cummings:

This letter is to inform you that if you are on active duty in the military or are a dependent of someone
who is on active duty in military, you may be eligible for certain protections under the federal Service
Members Civil Relief Act (50 USC App. §§501-596) (SCRA). Those who may be entitled to such
Legal Protection under the SCRA are:

Active duty members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Coast Guard, and active service
National Guard; active service members of the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration; active service members of the commissioned corps of the Public Health
Service; United States citizens servicing with the armed forces of a nation with which the United States is
allied in the prosecution of a war or military action; and their spouses and/or dependents.

If you feel you may be eligible for such protections, you should contact both the servicer and Orlans Law
Group PLLC immediately and forward a copy of the service member’s military orders to:

Orlans Law Group PLLC M&T Bank

PO Box 540540 1 Fountain Plaza

Waltham, MA 02454 _ and Buffalo, New York 14203

Attn: SCRA Phone: 800-724-2224

Phone (781) 790-7800 ATTN: Loss Mitigation
Sincerely,

Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

P.O. Box 5041
Troy, M! 48007-5041

Noadia Cummings
756 County St
Attleboro, MA 02703

25-000445


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

This page intentionally left blank


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

PO Box 540540
ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC eho, Massachusetts 02454
P (781) 790-7800 F (781) 790-7801
www.Orlans.com
Business Hours: 8:30 AM — 5:00 PM ET

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, MI, NH, PA, RI, VA

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS. YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

February 28, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Noadia Cummings

756 County Street
Attleboro, MA 02703

RE: Our File Number: 25-000445
Property Address: 756 County Street, Attleboro, MA 02703

Dear Noadia Cummings:

This law firm has been retained by M&T Bank regarding the mortgage which encumbers the above real
property (the “Mortgage”). The Note evidencing the loan in the original principal amount of $471,306.00
and the Mortgage are collectively called the “Mortgage Loan.”

An attomey has reviewed information provided by our client and has been involved in the preparation of
this letter.

According to the records of our client, your Mortgage Loan is in default. As a result, the Mortgage
Loan has been accelerated and M&T Bank has referred the matter to our office for further action.

You have the right to reinstate the Mortgage Loan by paying all past due installments, late charges,
delinquent taxes, insurance premiums, and costs and fees incurred in the foreclosure. To request
reinstatement information, contact our Loan Resolution Department at (781) 790-7800.

Very truly yours,
Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
Superior Court - Bristol

Docket Number

PO Box 540540
ORLANS LAW GROUP PLLC | Waltham, Massachusetts 02454
P (781) 790-7800 F (781) 790-7801
wwww.Orlans.com
Business Hours: 8:30 AM — 5:00 PM ET

A law firm licensed in
DC, DE, FL, MA, MD, MI, NH, PA, RI, VA

FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO ADVISE YOU THAT COMMUNICATION WITH OUR
OFFICE COULD BE INTERPRETED AS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT AND THAT
ANY INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

IN THE EVENT YOU ARE SUBJECT TO AN AUTOMATIC STAY ISSUED BY A UNITED
STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT OR THE REFERENCED DEBT HAS BEEN DISCHARGED IN
BANKRUPTCY, THIS COMMUNICATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS
NOT INTENDED TO BE AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT.

IF YOU ARE NOW ON ACTIVE MILITARY DUTY OR HAVE BEEN IN THE PRIOR TWELVE
MONTHS, OR IF YOU ARE A DEPENDENT OF AN ACTIVE SERVICEMEMBER, PLEASE
CONTACT OUR OFFICE AS YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO PROTECTIONS UNDER THE
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT.

February 28, 2025

VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
Noadia Cummings

756 County Street
Attleboro, MA 02703

RE: 756 County Street, Attleboro, MA 02703
Orlans File No. 25-000445
Rights under Servicemembers Civil Relief Act

Dear Noadia Cummings:

This letter is to inform you that if you are on active duty in the military or are a dependent of someone
who is on active duty in military, you may be eligible for certain protections under the federal Service
Members Civil Relief Act (50 USC App. §§501-596) (SCRA). Those who may be entitled to such
Legal Protection under the SCRA are:

Active duty members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Coast Guard, and active service
National Guard; active service members of the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration; active service members of the commissioned corps of the Public Health

Service; United States citizens servicing with the armed forces of a nation with which the United States is ©

allied in the prosecution of a war or military action; and their spouses and/or dependents.

If you feel you may be eligible for such protections, you should contact both the servicer and Orlans Law
Group PLLC immediately and forward a copy of the service member’s military orders to: .

Orlans Law Group PLLC M&T Bank

PO Box 540540 1 Fountain Plaza

Waltham, MA 02454 and . Buffalo, New York 14203

Attn: SCRA Phone: 800-724-2224

Phone (781) 790-7800 ATTN: Loss Mitigation
Sincerely,

Orlans Law Group PLLC


Date Filed 12/1/2025 12:00 AM
‘Superior Court - Bristol
Docket Number

EXHIBIT H


Status Report
Pursuant to Servicemembers Civil Relief Act

XXX-XX-2771

CUMMINGS
JOSHUA

Nov-30-2025
ZS5SRJRN6H4HLDVHO



The DoD strongly supports the enforcement of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 USC App. § 3901 et seq, as amended) (SCRA) (formerly known as.
the Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Civil Relief Act of 1940). DMDC has issued hundreds of thousands of "does not possess any information indicating that the
individual is currently on active duty" responses, and has experienced only a small error rate. In the event the individual referenced above, or any family
member, friend, or representative asserts in any manner that the individual was on active duty for the active duty status date, or is otherwise entitled to the
protections of the SCRA, you are strongly encouraged to obtain further verification of the person's status by contacting that person's Service. Service contact
information can be found on the SCRA website's FAQ page (Q36) via this URL: https://scra.dmdc.osd.mil/scra/#ifaqs. If you have evidence the person

was on active duty for the active duty status date and you fail to obtain this additional Service verification, punitive provisions of the SCRA may be invoked
against you. See 50 USC App. § 3921(c).

This response reflects the following information: (1) The individual's Active Duty status on the Active Duty Status Date (2) Whether the individual left Active
Duty status within 367 days preceding the Active Duty Status Date (3) Whether the individual or his/her unit received early notification: to report for active
duty on the Active Duty Status Date.

More information on "Active Duty Status"

Active duty status as reported in this certificate is defined in accordance with 10 USC § 101(d) (1). Prior to 2010 only some of the active duty periods less
than 30 consecutive days in length were available. In the case of a member of the National Guard, this includes service under a call to active service
authorized by the President or the Secretary of Defense under 32 USC § 502(f) for purposes of responding to a national emergency declared by the
President and supported by Federal funds. All Active Guard Reserve (AGR) members must be assigned against an authorized mobilization position in the
unit they support. This includes Navy Training and Administration of the Reserves (TARs), Marine Corps Active Reserve (ARs) and Coast Guard Reserve
Program Administrator (RPAs). Active Duty status also applies to a Uniformed Service member who is an active duty commissioned officer of the U.S.
Public Health Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA Commissioned Corps).

Coverage Under the SCRA is Broader in Some Cases

Coverage under the SCRA is broader in some cases and includes some categories of persons on active duty for purposes of the SCRA who would not be
reported as on Active Duty under.this certificate. SCRA protections are for Title 10 and Title 14-active duty records for all the Uniformed Services periods.
Title 32 periods of Active Duty are not covered by SCRA, as defined in accordance with 10 USC § 101(d)(1).

Many times orders are amended to extend the period of active duty, which would extend SCRA protections. Persons seeking to rely on this website
certification should check to make sure the orders on which SCRA protections are based have not been amended to extend the inclusive dates of service.
Furthermore, some protections of the SCRA may extend to persons who have received orders to report for active duty or to be inducted, but who have not
actually begun active duty or actually reported for induction. The Last Date on Active Duty entry is important because a number of protections of the SCRA
extend beyond the last dates of active duty.

Those who could rely on this certificate are urged to seek qualified legal counsel to ensure that all rights guaranteed to Service members under the SCRA
are protected

WARNING: This certificate was provided based on a last name, SSN/date of birth, and active duty status date provided by the requester. Providing
erroneous information will cause an erroneous cartificate to be provided.


Status Report
Pursuant to Servicemembers Civil Relief Act

XXX-XX-7007

CUMMINGS

NOADIA

Nov-30-2025
CCVSK46MHJMCLSY



The DoD strongly supports the enforcement of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 USC App. § 3901 et seq, as amended) (SCRA) (formerly known as
the Soldiers' and Sailors’ Civil Relief Act of 1940). DMDC has issued hundreds of thousands of "does not possess any information indicating that the
individual is currently on active duty" responses, and has experienced only a small error rate. In the event the individual referenced above, or any family
member, friend; or representative asserts in any manner that the individual was on active duty for the active duty status date, or is otherwise entitled to the
protections of the SCRA, you are strongly encouraged to obtain further verification of the person's status by contacting that person's Service. Service contact
information can be found on the SCRA website's FAQ page (Q35) via this URL: https://scta.dmdc.osd.mil/scraf#/faqs. If you have evidence the person

was on active duty for the active duty status date and you fail to obtain this additional Service verification, punitive provisions of the SCRA may be invoked
against you. See 50 USC App. § 3921(c).

This response reflects the following information: (1) The individual's Active Duty status on the Active Duty Status Date (2) Whether the individual left Active
Duty status within 367 days preceding the Active Duty Status Date (3) Whether the individual or his/her unit received early notification to report for active
duty on the Active Duty Status Date. ,

More information on "Active Duty Status" :

Active duty status as reported in this certificate is defined in accordance with 10 USC § 101(d) (1). Prior to 2010 only some of the active duty periods less
than 30 consecutive days in length were available. In the case of a member of the National Guard, this includes service under a call to active service
authorized by the President or the Secretary of Defense under 32 USC § 502(f) for purposes of responding to a national emergency declared by the
President and supported by Federal funds. All Active Guard Reserve (AGR) members must be assigned against an authorized mobilization position in the
unit they support. This includes Navy Training and Administration of the Reserves (TARs), Marine Corps Active Reserve (ARs) and Coast Guard Reserve
Program Administrator (RPAs). Active Duty status also applies to a Uniformed Service member who is an active duty commissioned officer of the U.S.
Public Health Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA Commissioned Corps).

Coverage Under the SCRA is Broader in Some Cases

Coverage under the SCRA is broader in some cases and includes some categories of persons on active duty for purposes of the SCRA who would not be
reported as on Active Duty under this certificate. SCRA protections are for Title 10 and Title 14 active duty records for all the Uniformed Services periods.
Title 32 periods of Active Duty are not covered by SCRA, as defined in accordance with 10 USC § 104(d)(1).

Many times orders are amended to extend the period of active duty, which would extend SCRA protections. Persons seeking to rely on this website
certification should check to make sure the orders on which SCRA protections are based have not been amended to extend the inclusive dates of service.
Furthermore, some protections of the SCRA may extend to persons who have received orders to report for active duty or to be inducted, but who have not
actually begun active duty or actually reported for induction. The Last Date on Active Duty entry is important because a number of protections of the SCRA
extend beyond the last dates of active duty.

Those who could rely on this certificate are urged to seek qualified legal counsel to ensure that all rights guaranteed to Service members under the SCRA
are protected

WARNING: This certificate was provided based on a last name, SSNidate of birth, and active duty status date provided by the requester. Providing
erroneous information will cause an erroneous certificate to be provided.